The potential risks that may arise in the project realization phase are monitored in every individual project using detailed continuous reviews based on the individual items of work that make up the project.
The large number of industrial trucks already in use in the market also provides a strong base for replacement business and rising demand for services.
This allows information about the trucks’ condition and usage to be analysed by special software that can also be used to optimally plan essential maintenance and efficiently calculate running costs.
This is due to the emergence of the new Omicron variant of coronavirus and the containment measures that have been reintroduced as a result in many countries.
Questions could be submitted online by May 9, 2021 and were answered individually during the meeting.
Liquidity riskBased on the definition in IFRS 7, a liquidity risk arises if an entity is unable to meet its financial liabilities.
Business model and organizational structure The KION Group’s business model is designed so that customers of all sizes and from all sectors can obtain the full spectrum of material handling products and services from a single source.
The performance period for the 2023 tranche ends on December 31, 2025 (2022 tranche: December 31, 2024).
In Germany, the law requires the Executive and Supervisory Boards of publicly listed companies to set targets for the proportion of women on the Executive Board as well as on the two management levels below that.
Deferred taxes are recognized in other comprehensive income if they relate to transactions also recognized in other comprehensive income.
Under this agenda item, the committee discusses general parameters, such as the planning horizon, the identification of required skills and qualifications, and the internal talent pool.
Apart from the technical screening criteria, a diligent as-sessment of potential considerable impairments towards further environmental objectives (Do-No-Significant-Harm, DNSH) and Minimum Social Safeguards was successfully performed.
EBIT (earnings before interest and tax) EBIT is earnings before net financial income/expenses and tax for the reporting period.
In the Supply Chain Solutions segment, the focus is on continuing to strengthen operational resilience by structuring contracts in a way that minimizes risk and on improving processes in procurement, project delivery, and project management.
The KION GROUP AG Executive Board meets this statutory minimum representation requirement.
These valuable resources can be used for making new batteries in a second or next life.
The supply chain is highly interconnected to product and solution sustainability, circularity as well as climate and energy.
But the fact is the level of growth that we are seeing in this business and the nonavailability of labor to work in warehouses, those two things just lead to a higher demand for mobile robotics that will continue.
The adjusted EBIT margin fell from 11.1  per  cent in 2018 to 10.8 per cent in the year under review.
And can you also help us understand how this acquisition fills the so far existing gap and to what extent it gives you an edge over competition?
Other mandatory training courses cover data protection, anti-discrimination, managerial conduct, conflicts of interest, anti-money laundering, competition law, special fraud matters, and trade compliance.
The following applies to short-term rental agreements entered into from January 1, 2018 onward: The financing partner usually does not obtain control over the industrial truck and it is recognized as a rental asset in the consolidated statement of financial position.
In terms of adjusted EBIT, particularly in the first half of the year, we’ll still be significantly impacted by the legacy projects.
And I don’t mean that to be arrogant.
The trustees are required to follow a defined investment strategy and investment guidelines.
The corporate governance statement can be viewed and downloaded on the Company’s website.
The total remuneration of the members of the Executive Board pursuant to IFRS is shown in > TABLE 123.
Indaiatuba / São Paulo  Brazil  Americas  100.00%  116   69  KION South Asia Pte.
In both segments, the service business is generally more stable than the product or project business as it is linked to the installed base of trucks and systems over their entire lifetime.
Basic earnings per share came to €1.81 (2019: €3.86), while the weighted average number of shares outstanding increased only slightly from 117.9 million to 118.9 million no-par-value shares outstand-ing on average during the reporting year.
Net cash provided by operating activities totalled €846.3 mil-lion, which was much higher than the prior-year figure of €765.5 million.
It provides additional motivation for employees to continually engage with HSE matters.
Taking into account the revolving credit facility that was still freely available, the unrestricted cash and cash equivalents available to the KION Group as at the reporting date amounted to €1,457.3 million (December 31, 2019: €1,357.4 million).
The half-year financial report and the quarterly statements of the KION Group are published within 30 days of the end of the quarter to which they relate.
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and non-controlling interests The overall composition of, and changes in, equity are shown in the > table ‘Consolidated statement of changes in equity’.
The steps that the KION Group is taking to mitigate its competition risk also include making its plants more efficient and securing low-cost sources of supply.
By contrast, further revenue growth is anticipated in the high-margin service business.
Together they form the Group-wide compliance team, reporting to the compliance officer of the Operating Unit.
Unfortunately, despite further favorable demand for our products, our Company did not manage to remain profitable at the accustomed level during these crisis-hit times.
Further IT risks exist in connection with potential breaches of data privacy laws, including in relation to the processing of personal data and the documentation of such processing.
The annual remuneration for members of the Executive Committee is usually €8,000, while the chairman of the Executive Committee receives double this amount, i.e.
This mainly affects the Industrial Trucks & Services seg-ment, where competition is fierce, particularly in the economy and volume price segments.
And I think we gave a very decent estimate to the market.
We will also press ahead with the ongoing expansion of our global sales and service network and the Group’s digital transformation.
Middle East conflict, war in Ukraine), including any knock-on effects that change the level of risk, are monitored closely.
Overall, the prevailing procurement situation is unchanged compared with previous year.
With its own production facility, the KION Group has been able to expand its range of products equipped with this high-performance type of battery.
All other leases and short-term rentals are classified as operating leases, again in accordance with IFRS 16, and recognized as leased assets or rental assets.
Firstly, a groupwide risk cata-log is used to capture the risks attaching to each company.
> DIAGRAM 005The market risks and competition risks described, the risks along the value chain, the human resources risks and the legal risks largely relate to the Industrial Trucks & Services and Supply Chain Solutions segments.
Interest-rate riskInterest-rate risk within the KION Group is managed centrally.
The KION Group does not fall within the scope of the EU Emissions Trading System (EU ETS).
According to estimates by the research institute eMarketer, global online trade (B2C) has expanded at an average rate of 19 percent in recent years (2017–2022).
Page 22   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q3 2023 Update Call Transcription  Jorge González Sadornil Hello.
KION GROUP  AG and its governing bodies therefore adhere strictly to the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code on this subject.
In 2019, a total of 19 initiatives were launched in the KION Group delivering a total annual savings potential of approximately 19,764 t CO2e*.
The planned expansion of our business in China is a key part of our growth strategy.
Other factors pointing to gloomier growth prospects according to the IMF are the ongoing difficulties in the Chinese real-estate sector and the slower than anticipated recovery of consumer spending.
Consequently, the companies in the KION Group continually review the presence of tax risks and the amounts at which they have been measured.
Risk category I are employees with external contacts according to their position descriptions; these include sales, purchasing, managers with decision-making authority, and service technicians.
Because we have kept this drive technology inhouse, we are able to offer our European customers a high degree of reliability even in times of fragile global supply chains.
The aim is to offer trucks with fuel cell technology to give customers an environmentally friendly energy alternative.
The Board also manages the company’s sustainability strategy.
Reflecting the economic recovery, the volume of global trade will increase by 8.1 percent in 2021 according to the IMF.
With regard to health, the KION Group continued to offer employees a range of preventive occupa-tional health services in 2022.
I hand back to Rob Smith for closing remarks.
The positive non-recurring items in 2021 had also mainly related to plan adjustments affecting defined benefit obligations, as well as to the reversal of provisions that had been recognized in connection with the capacity and structural program introduced in 2020 during the pandemic.
Diversity One of the main concerns of good corporate governance is to ensure that appointments to the two governing bodies, i.e.
By contrast, new orders are expected to increase slightly in the APAC region.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the ESEF Documents Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ESEF documents are free from material intentional or unintentional non-compliance with the requirements of Section 328 (1) HGB.
The fair value is recalculated on each reporting date until the end of the performance period.
The Supervisory Board put together a task force to deal with this matter in 2019.
The effects from purchase price allocations comprised net write-downs and other expenses in relation to the step-ups and charges identified as part of the acquisition processes.
Thanks to the newly developed automatic pouch emptier, which uses a durable, cost-effective and fully automated mechanism to open the bottom of the pouch, Dematic has significantly increased the speed at which its space-saving omnichannel solution operates.
Based on current assessments, the initial application of these financial reporting standards and interpretations will have no significant effect on the presentation of the financial position and financial performance of the KION Group.
Moreover, companies have a lot of ground to make up – according to L.E.K.
The impact of a change to judgments or estimates is recognized prospectively when it becomes known and assumptions are adjusted accordingly.
For the sake of these stakeholders, KION GROUP AG strives for an appropriate ratio of internal funding to borrowing.
The Internal Audit department regularly reviews the internal control system and accounting processes, including Group accounting.
The first question is on what you said on pricing, and we appreciate clearly the higher agility that you put in place now.
And so is the Asia market bringing more and more into the mix?
For the 2021 and 2022 tranches, 20 percent of the performance share plan is linked to the achievement of ESG targets.
So it's just the itinerary of those orders that you have.
Lainate  Italy  EMEA  100.00%  132   130  URBAN LOGISTIQUE SAS  Elancourt  France  EMEA  100.00%  132   131  Urban Transporte spol.
We’re in contact with our suppliers, working with them through their scenario planning and their adjustments.
Order intake in the Group went up by 3.6 percent to €9,442.5 million (2019: €9,111.7 million).
The short remaining term of these financial assets means their carrying amount was almost the same as their fair value.
Non-current financial liabilities also included the corporate bond issued, which has a carrying amount of €495.6 million (December 31, 2020: €494.5 million), and liabilities to banks of €46.6 million (December 31, 2020: €2.7 million).
Its processes are intended to ensure the correctness of the internal and external accounting processes, the efficiency of the Company’s business operations, and compliance with key legal provisions and internal policies.
The KION Group has come through the pandemic compara-tively well so far.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 101 Annual report 2023  In addition, it uses derivatives to hedge currency risk.
The shares acquired as a result of this authorization together with other shares of the Company that the Company has already acquired and still possesses or that are deemed to be in its possession pursuant to section 71a et seq.
To this end, the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG developed a joint diversity concept in 2017 that was most recently amended at the beginning of 2022.
The 2022 report is the first that discloses not only the taxonomy-eligible but also the taxonomy-aligned business activities of the KION Group in regard to the first two environmental objectives defined in the EU Taxonomy Regulation.
All fully consolidated subsidiaries of the KION Group are covered by the internal control system.
By contrast, the APAC region recorded solid growth, which was mainly driven by the expansion of new business in China.
The sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, cash flow from operating activities, and amounts available under credit facilities.
The Company has taken measures to prevent it from incurring financial losses as a result of these risks.
Certain industry, market and competitive position data contained in this Presentation, if any, come from official or third party sources.
The first university graduates successfully completed their management trainee program in 2021.
Increases in procurement prices for commodities and intermediate products and translation effects caused by fluctuations in exchange rates can have a significant impact on the financial performance of individual market participants.
To this end, the Supervisory Board has decided how the relevant benchmarks are to be defined.
This calls for shorter lead times, a more efficient flow of goods, a broader product range, and improved process reliability.
Sections that only contain information on KION GROUP AG are indicated as such.
AktG must not exceed 10 percent of the share capital at any time.
For its accounting process, the KION Group has defined appropriate structures and processes as part of its internal control and risk management system that are required to be implemented throughout the Group.
Adjusted EBIT amounted to €536.0 million, which was within the target range of €525 million to €565 million.
By contrast, the prior-year figure had been adversely affected, in particular, by the considerable growth of net working capital as a result of the extensive supply chain disruptions.
As well as securing the existing 300 jobs at the site, we also hope to create new ones.
By contrast, the demand for Supply Chain Solutions should continue to rise.
In accordance with the German legal requirements, we have not audited the content of the consolidated corporate governance statement pursuant to Sections 289f, 315d German Commercial Code (HGB) included in the combined management report.
The total remuneration paid to former members of the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG and its legal predecessors amounted to €8.4 million (2022: €3.6 million).
References to values reported in the consolidated financial statements are not necessary for understanding.
In 2021, the non-recurring items had amounted to total income of €37.8 million.
For the 2022 and 2023 tranches, 20 percent of the performance share plan is linked to the achievement of ESG targets.
Subsidiaries acquired in the course of the financial year are consolidated from the date on which control is obtained.
As at 31 December 2019, there were no drawdowns from the revolving credit facility (2018: €101.8 million).
Due to rounding effects, additionof the individual amounts shown may result in minor rounding differences to the totals.
The Group also mitigates any losses from defaults by its receipt of the proceeds from the sale of repos-sessed trucks.
Market planning takes into account predicted macroeconomic and industry-specific performance, which is described below.
The elections may also come 19KION GROUP AGTO OUR SHAREHOLDERSReport of the Supervisory BoardAnnual Report 2019at the same time as key Executive Board members have to be re-appointed.
Ltd.  Belrose  Australia  APAC  100.00%  17   31  Dematic S.r.l.
This increases the availability of goods, allows them to be delivered more quickly, and thus leads to greater customer satisfaction.
In March 2020, a payment from the 2017 tranche was made on the basis of the achievement of the long-term targets that were defined in 2017 at the start of the performance period.
We are pressing ahead with our growth strategy in China, one of the world’s most important and fast-growing markets for material handling, by strengthening our production site in Jinan, in Shandong province.
The free float accounted for 54.7 percent of the shares, while the remaining 0.1 percent were treas-ury shares.
Supply Chain Solutions segment Business performance and order intake Order intake in the Supply Chain Solutions segment went up by 18.5 percent to €4,329.4 million in 2021 (2020: €3,654.5 million), driven by continued strong demand from customers for warehouse automation.
Revenue recognition Revenue is the consideration that is expected to be received from the customer for the transfer of goods or services (transaction price).
This is supported by data from 2022 gathered by Interact Analysis.
In the service business, the high number of industrial trucks in operation worldwide provides solid foundations for a small rise in revenue.
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in euros, which is the Group’s presentation currency.
It is also possible that a partner will collaborate with competitors if exclusivity agreements are not in place.
The char-acteristics of the corruption perception index for the respective country, the size and structure of the local purchas-ing or sales organisation and contacts with public officials play an important role in risk assessment.
In addition to the decrease in operating profit, effects relating to the ITS and SCS segments’ business in Russia reduced net income by €36.8 million in total.
In the indirect lease business, industrial trucks are sold to leasing companies (vendor partners) that enter into long-term leases with end customers.
The compliance training courses are offered in many different languages to ensure that participants understand them properly.
Leased assets for direct and indirect leases with end customers that are classified as operating leases decreased only slightly to €1,333.3 million (December 31, 2019: €1,361.2 million).
To this end, the Group creates working environments that are suitable for peo-ple with disabilities, supports reintegration into work processes and enables people with physical disabilities to remain in employment.
Each purchasing department is responsible for monitoring compliance with guidelines in its area.
It uses five core key performance indicators (KPIs), which remained unchanged in the reporting year, to con-tinuously monitor market success, profitability, financial strength and liquidity.
Order intake at €3.8 billion and order backlog now almost at €8 billion benefitted from high demand as well as price increases and positive FX effects.
In addition, interdisciplinary teams work on the avoidance of risks arising from inadequate contractual arrangements.
Luxembourg  Luxembourg  EMEA  100.00%  15   15  Dematic Holdings GmbH  Frankfurt am Main  Germany  EMEA  100.00%  1   16  Dematic Holdings Pty.
What I’d mention to you is about maximum 15% or so.
The discount rate is a before-tax interest rate that reflects current market expectations for the time value of money and the specific risks inherent in the liability.
The project involved taking data from the sensors of industrial trucks in order to create a digital twin of a real-world warehouse.
The amount recognized is an average value or a value determined in accordance with the FIFO method (FIFO = first in first out).
And given 2 very strong years of double-digit Page 25   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2019 Update Call Transcription organic order growth, you are still targeting a very healthy level of growth in 2020.
You mentioned earlier in the call that no impact from a pandemic could be included, which is obviously very understandable.
This was because the two operating segments saw disproportionately strong growth in their lower-margin businesses – new trucks and business solutions – compared with the growth of the service business.
As part of its regular audits and ad-hoc audits, the Group audit department checks compliance at KION GROUP AG and its consolidated subsidi-aries against the compliance requirements.
In the Supply Chain Solutions segment, the value of order intake went up by 14.3 per cent, primarily driven by a robust per-formance in the second half of the year.
The KION Group sees the heterogeneity of its employees as a competitive advantage.
Upon measurement of trade receivables, lease receivables, and contract assets subsequent to initial recognition, the KION Group applies the simplified impairment approach of IFRS 9.
The brand company had supplied a perfectly coordinated solution comprising three automated standard industrial trucks and installed all the system components for a customer’s production warehouse.
Within this total, the rise in net working capital of €201.9 million (2020: €150.3 million) reduced the level of cash flow from operating activities.
And looking at the full year 2022, the unit decline was 10% compared to the record level of last year.
And how much of that is of the order book currently?
For employees taking part for the first time, the KION Group offers a special incentive in the form of starter packages.
Such risks form part of the KION Group’s aggregate risk profile and are classified as operational risk.
Further information on sensitivity analysis in relation to the impact of the discount rate and details of measurement can be found in the information on the retirement benefit obligation and similar obligations in note [29].
Probably one question which just popped up is on the supply chain just because we heard from some machinery companies, not direct competitors but others, saying that the supply situation is getting tighter again.
All other leases and short-term rentals are classified as operating leases, again in accordance with IFRS 16.
We do not express a separate audit opinion on the prospective informa-tion and on the assumptions used as a basis.
With the consent of the Supervisory Board, the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG decided on 22 May 2017 to utilise some of the authorised capital created by the 2017 Annual  General Meeting.
If estimates change, or if there are differences between planned and actual costs, this is directly reflected in the profit or loss from project business contracts.
With regard to the further course of the coronavirus pandemic and the measures taken in response, this outlook is based on the market assumptions of the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
We want to get it down to plus or minus 6 months or so on the ITS side.
The KION Group Code of Compliance sets out spe-cific requirements on conduct to prevent corruption.
A specialist career path was introduced Group-wide in 2020 for areas of particular future importance.
In addition, the executive directors are responsible for such internal control as they have determined necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
The annual financial statements of KION GROUP AG are prepared in accordance with the provisions in the German Commercial Code (HGB) and the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG).
Because control over the promised assets gradually passes to the customer over the course of the project, revenue is recognized over a period of time, i.e.
Then it will gradually work towards establishing comprehensive circularity.
The first one is really on the pricing dynamics.
The two segments complement each other in terms of their respective market position and regional presence.
The specification of this type of target is required by Germany’s ‘Act for the equal participation of women and men in managerial positions in the private and public sectors’.
It will be presented in the remuneration report for 2021.
A contract liability is a company’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the company has received consideration.
All sales regions registered a year-on-year rise in order intake.
When the health risks of coronavirus and the resulting challenges to our business became apparent, the Supervisory Board began receiving weekly updates from the Executive Board and offered its advice and support.
The fallout from the bottle-necks at suppliers that had continued to have an effect in 2018 no longer had any significant impact on segment earnings.
The Supply Chain Solutions segment’s revenue of €3.0 billion matched the projected minimum figure.
And never forget, -- that’s the constant reminder throughout the year -- we are providing a minimum guidance, right?
And from a Page 23   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q3 2023 Update Call Transcription perspective of going into next year, that’s helpful.
Katie, Will, ladies and gentlemen, that’s a guidance question.
Throughout the accounting process, the local companies are supported by central points of contact.
The effects from purchase price allocations comprised net write-downs and other expenses in rela-tion to the step-ups and charges identified as part of the acquisition processes.
2 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG)) are provided in note [27] ‘Equity’ in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
The segment’s gross margin was higher than in the previous year, partly due to the smaller increase in fixed costs.
These statements only take into account information that was available up to and including the date that this annual report was prepared.
Once we have better visibility, we intend to update the markets with a new outlook for the year.
Indeed, we hit our targets for all of our corporate key performance indicators.
Human resources risks and legal risksThe KION Group relies on having highly qualified managers and experts in key roles.
Warranty provisions are recognized on the basis of past or estimated future claim statistics.
In the indirect leasing business, industrial trucks are sold to vendor partners that enter into long-term leases with end customers.
These included adding updated price adjustment clauses to new contracts, expanding the supplier base, and initiating major improvements in project execution and project management.
The combined management report contains cross-referencesthat are not provided for by law and which are marked as unaudited.
In Western Europe, we saw a decline of minus 4.1% in the fourth quarter, mainly driven by Germany, and ended up with an overall decline for the full year 2019 of minus 6.7%.
2.1 Internal control systemKION GROUP  AG has an internal control system designed to meet the specific needs of the Company.
Despite a market slowdown throughout the year, our IT&S segment showed a strong top line.
Between 30% and 40% is our own.
Name  Registered office  Country  Region  Share-holding 2021  Parent com-pany  Note Joint Ventures (equity-accounted investments) 187  JULI Motorenwerk s.r.o.
Development costs rose to €155.3 million (2018: €137.7 million), reflecting the firm focus on implementing the innovation strategy under KION 2027.
The significant weighted-average assumptions shown in > TABLE 078 were applied to the calculation of the net interest cost and the cost of benefits earned in the current year (current ser-vice cost).
Similarly, long-term lease receivables arising from leases with end customers that are classified as finance leases rose to €1,318.9 million (December 31, 2020: €1,199.1 million) due to higher unit sales of industrial trucks.
Could that be something you will have to do in the future?
KION GROUP AG controls a subsidiary if it has decision-making authority over the main activities of the entity and can use this authority to affect the amount of the variable returns to which it is exposed as a result of the equity investment.
Based on the manager survey conducted in 2015 and the action plan derived from it, a package of measures was defined and implemented in 2016 as part of the ‘Lift up’ transformation initiative.
The drawdowns under the revolving credit facility are generally classified as short term.
All percentage changes and ratios were calculated using the underlying data.
Automated storage and retrieval systems (ASRSs), robotic picking systems, and compact, powerful split-case and pallet picking stations can be used to achieve very fast throughput times and picking rates.
Meanwhile, demand for credit in the corporate sector stagnated (Bundesbank, November 2023).
And based on the very good performance of our ITS segment during the first 9 months of 2023, we raised our full-year outlook for ITS again.
However, the continuation of this global economic upturn was subject to a resurgence of risk at the end of the year.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 34 Annual report 2022  2.
This risk is defined as the risk that a counterparty will default, and hence is limited to a maximum of the carrying amount.
Page 13 shows the reconciliation from adjusted EBITDA to the net income for the group.
Recruitment is a challenge, especially given the high growth rates in the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
This facilitated the identification of relevant aspects across the Group and regions, which also shaped the revision of the sustainability strategy.
The Company’s assumptions and data underlying the valuation are overall appropriate.
Besides that, STILL set new standards with the launch of the new RX60 electric forklift truck.
For instance, the ‘Energy Quick Check’ web-based analysis app makes it possible to identify the best technology for the customer in just a few questions.
If the carrying amount is greater than the recoverable amount, an impairment loss is recognised for the equity investment.
The facility has a variable interest rate; the contractually agreed interest terms are linked to KION GROUP AG’s credit rating and to compliance with sustainability KPIs.
Net income and appropriation of profit Net income declined to €210.9 million (2019: €444.8 million).
The basis for decision-making includes sensitivity analyses of interest-rate risk exposures in key currencies.
KION GROUP AG will propose a dividend of €0.70 per share to the 2024 Annual General Meeting (2023: €0.19).
You can imagine we’re working hard to do our very best.
The expected improvement compared to the third quarter relates to improved earnings and an initial unwinding of net working capital, such as the reduction of semifinished trucks and the completion of project milestones in SCS, leading to the agreed milestone payments.
OUR AUDIT APPROACH First, we gained an understanding of the process used to record and recognise contracts in the sales lease business.
The markets in which the KION Group operates are characterized by strong competition, often price-driven.
Cash and cash equivalents increased by €35.9 million during the reporting year to reach €211.2 million (2018: €175.3 million).
But we will also see a positive impact on the cash assets and liabilities, which is driving SCS because we will get into more milestone billing.
The growing shortage of skilled workers is also having a positive impact on demand for automated intralogistics solutions.
Actual or suspected incidents of non­compliance can be reported anonymously or otherwise by contacting an external 24­hour compliance hotline, by sending an email or letter, by  calling an internal KION Group hotline or by contacting a compli­ance officer directly.
Revenue and adjusted EBIT also benefited from the successful order backlog repricing exercise, as Rob explained earlier.
The programme system-atically documents HSE measures and processes and provides specific ideas for how they can be developed further.
• Profitability: The KION Group wants to retain its position as one of the most profitable suppliers in the industry and improve its adjusted EBIT margin to between 10 percent and 12 percent in 2023.
Building on the very solid results for the financial years spanned by the first phase of the strategy, the Company now plans to invest at locations where products and services will bring lasting added value for its customers in future.
The segment continues to see strong growth rates in line with market trends.
Adjusted EBIT amounted to €546.9 million, which was slightly higher than the target range of €465 million to €545 million.
A reconciliation of EBITDA to adjusted EBITDA is presented in > TABLE 012.
The overarching aim is for the separate financial statements, consolidated financial statements, and combined management report to be fully compliant with the relevant statutory and regulatory requirements and, in particular, the applicable financial reporting standards.
The Supervisory Board believes that, in its current composition, the Executive Board is now very well positioned for the profitable growth targeted by the Company and for the technological and geopolitical challenges that lie ahead.
In addition to the contractually agreed consideration, the transaction price may also include variable elements such as rebates, volume discounts, trade discounts, bonuses, and penalties.
Initial value of the KION share (60-days average)  €25.39  €94.32 Initial value of the MDAX (60-days average)  24,662.39 pts.
The system covers all aspects of occupational health, safety and environmental protection and applies to all KION Group employees.
The liabilities to banks and the promissory notes are not collateralized.
The Internal Audit department evaluates governance, risk management, and the control processes by following a systematic and structured process, thus helping to bring about improvements.
In such relationships, the KION Group enters into leases with end customers that are based on fixed interest rates.
55KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTFundamentals of the KION GroupAnnual Report 2019KION  OPERATING MODELPEOPLEOUR SHARED KION GROUP VALUESOur solutions allow customers to  benefit from automation effectively,  supporting them on their journey to “lights-out” warehouses.
KION North America is investing in production and assembly lines in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment with an expanded plant in Summerville, South Carolina, that will create around 450 new jobs when it opens in spring 2024.
Taking into account the average trade tax rate of 14.9 percent, the combined nominal tax rate for entities in Germany was 30.7 percent (2021: 30.7 percent).
Now you have a pure play listed peer with AutoStore.
He has no business or financial ties to the Company or Executive Board.
The KION Group works on shaping all important pro-cesses, from the purchase of material requirements through the finishing stages to the customer, are humane and environmentally friendly.
The latter include the coronavirus pandemic being brought under control soon thanks to the rapid availability and successful rollout of vaccines across the population.
The comparative figures for the prior year were determined on the same basis.
Revenue recognition Revenue is the consideration that is expected to be received from the customer for the transfer of goods or services (transaction price).
Executive Committee The Executive Committee consists of four shareholder representatives and four employee representatives.
The gains and losses on the remeasurement of plan assets were attributable entirely to experience adjustments.
Rob Smith Yes, that’s the shift I’m talking about is within the warehouse segment, right?
The KION Group is a publicly listed corporate group and therefore ensures that its financial management takes into account the interests of shareholders, the banks providing its funding, and other lenders.
Sustainability Acting sustainably and responsibly is one of the key principles by which the KION Group operates.
The overarching aim is for the separate financial statements, consolidated financial statements, and combined management report to be fully compliant with the relevant statutory and regulatory requirements and, in particular, the applicable financial reporting standards.
It is also conceivable that competitors will join forces and their resulting stronger position will be detrimental to the KION Group’s sales opportunities.
We’re not only qualifying additional suppliers, but we’ve also done redesigning of our electronic components to switch to different chip technologies, which are better available in the market.
The Company, therefore, also assumes no responsibility whatsoever in respect of the accuracy and completeness of any such research and estimates.
That leaves the total number of semifinished trucks in inventory stable at about 12,000 units.
The value of order intake rose by 1.9 per cent to €6,330.5 million (2018: €6,210.6 million).
Marcus A. Wassenberg took over as Chief Financial Officer on January 1, 2023.
If they are financed using variable-rate instruments, interest-rate derivatives are entered into in order to hedge the interest-rate risk, where it makes commercial sense to do so.
Dematic also expanded its portfolio through a partnership with Google Cloud aimed at accelerating cloud innovations and using these to develop the next generation of warehouse management solutions.
Of this figure, €470.7 million was attributable to land and buildings (December 31, 2022: €445.7 million) and €118.5 million to plant & machinery and office furniture & equipment (December 31, 2022: €97.9 million).
Leases are generally linked to a service contract covering the term of the finance agreement.
Projected KPIs The projected KPIs reflect the Company’s expectations regarding future developments and are therefore forward-looking.
This con-sists only of revenue from contracts with customers as defined by IFRS 15.
A default is defined as the occurrence of a loss event, such as a borrower being in considerable financial difficulties or a contract being breached.
Fair value measurement  The majority of the cash and cash equivalents, financial receivables, trade receivables and trade payables recognized at amortized cost, sundry financial assets and liabilities, and liabilities from accrued interest have short remaining terms to maturity.
This profile is regularly reviewed as part of the Supervisory Board's self-assessment or as necessary.
Let’s start with your last one, Jorge.
The participation of a further group that was due to start the training in 2020 had to be postponed to 2021 due to the coronavirus pandemic.
The intention is to gather ideas, suggestions, and proposals from all employees in order to further develop corporate culture throughout the Group, to initiate changes and to generate sustainable growth for the KION Group.
It is expected that the bulk of the cash payments will be incurred within the next two years after the reporting date.
de C.V.  Monterrey  Mexico  51 & 110  100.0%  100.0%   82  Dematic Trading de Mexico S. de.
In this field, the KION Group operates more than 20 production facilities for industrial trucks and components in nine countries around the world.
We declare that the audit opinions expressed in this auditor’s report are consistent with the additional report to the audit committee pursuant to Article 11 of the EU Audit Regulation (long-form audit report).
The trustees are required to follow a defined investment strategy and investment guidelines.
Workshops, warehouses, and supply facilities are being converted for this purpose.
These reports are documented in a traceable manner and their outcome is monitored.
STILL’s trucks and services  Trucks Services • Counterbalance trucks (incl.
The KPIs used to manage the segments are order intake, revenue, and adjusted EBIT.
Capital expenditure on this project amounted to around €100 million in total.
Further measures during the reporting year focused the system to manage climate performance.
Because if we look at the implications for Q4, let’s say, at the midpoint of the guidance, that would be quite a drastical sequential decline on the EBIT side.
Sundry intangible assets relate in particular to customer relationships amounting to €476.9 million (December 31, 2019: €541.3 million).
The consolidated accounts are drawn up centrally using data from the consolidated subsidiaries.
We’re also having those kinds of discussions with our SCS customers and working to reprice on material things that were just out of -- people did not have those expectations.
after this report of the Supervisory Board has been submitted.
At sites where codetermination arrangements provide for the workforce to be involved in decision-making, the KION Group engages in constructive talks on these matters with the employee representatives.
Instead, it is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 at least once a year, and more frequently if there are indications that the asset might be impaired.
Further information can be found in the section ‘Non-financial performance indicators – Sustainability’ and, in particular, in the Group’s 2022 sustainability report, which will be published in April 2023.
The significantly lower level of net cash used in 2020 had mainly been attributable to the capital increase of €813.3 million carried out in early December 2020, which was used to repay financial debt.
The latter was primarily due to the much lower level of trade payables at the end of the year and the volume-related growth of receivables from customers.
And then secondly, Gordon, probably just a bigger picture one for you, we’re hearing a lot of mixed messages around the issues in the supply chains, not just for the industrial trucks manufacturers, but for broader industrials.
The fair value of the bonus shares to be granted is recognized as an expense and paid into capital reserves over the three-year holding period.
1 HGB and for the tagging of the consolidated financial statements according to Section 328 (1) sentence 4 no.
Corporate bond In 2020, KION GROUP AG launched a corporate bond program (EMTN program) with a total volume of €3 billion.
Development of specialist workers and executives In 2023, the global process introduced in 2017/2018 for performance management and succession planning was implemented once again and content was updated.
If the carrying amount is greater than the recoverable amount, an im-pairment loss is recognized for the equity investment.
No confirmed cases of active corruption by KION Group employees were identified either.
In addition, we assessed whether the entry and clas-sification routines have been appropriate.
Short-term rental agreements usually have a term ranging from a few hours to a year.
If the losses caused by a specific risk and the likelihood of this risk occurring exceed defined limits, KION GROUP AG’s Executive Board and the KION Group’s Corporate Controlling function are notified immediately.
A multi-stage approval process based on an extensive list of criteria ensures that technological, financial, country-specific, currency-specific, and contractual risks are mitigated to the greatest extent possible.
However, the KION Group is continuing to engage in dialog with its customers and is closely monitoring the further course of the coronavirus pandemic and its fallout.
STILL began work on a 24-volt fuel cell system for warehouse trucks that is due on the market in 2023.
In addition, Valeria Jimena Gargiulo joined the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG on May 1, 2023 in the newly created role of Chief People & Sustainability Officer (CPSO) and as Labor Relations Director.
The Company attaches high priority to preventing possible conflicts of interest from occurring in the first place.
So, we had, like you said, promissory notes of €375 million, with maturities up to 7 years, with the bulk in the 5-year period.
If impairment triggers arise during the financial year, an event-driven goodwill impairment test is also carried out during the year.
The payment of a dividend to the shareholders of KION GROUP AG in May 2021 resulted in an outflow of funds of minus €53.7 million (2020: minus €4.7 million).
Manual and automated solutions are provided for all functions to ensure seamless material handling for customers, from goods inward and Multishuttle warehouse systems to picking, automated palletizing, and automated guided vehicle systems.
To this end, the KION Group must anticipate customers’ needs and changing market conditions and has to quickly bring new products to market.
The share of temporary agency workers decreased slightly with a level of below 10 % (as in the previous year) compared to active employees.
Since 2019, the ‘Golden Rules of Occupational Safety’ have provided KION Group managers with centralised instructions to further improve occupational safety in their area of responsibility.
The separate financial statements, consolidated financial statements, combined management report, and non-financial report are discussed by the Audit Committee and then reviewed and approved by the Supervisory Board.
These rules of procedure are published on the  KION GROUP AG website at www.kiongroup.com/Rules-of-Procedure.
So I do believe, at least as things move on, we're able to reallocate part sourcing to other suppliers because we generally have dual sourcing strategy, or we can make some of the parts ourselves.
The critical terms of the hedging instruments and the hedged items are therefore matched.
To increase the efficiency of its work, the Supervisory Board is supported by four standing committees: the Nomination Committee, the Executive Committee, the Audit Committee and the Mediation Committee.
The decrease in the United States was less pronounced.
They will also reduce local emissions such as fine particulate matter, nitrogen oxide (NOX), hydrocarbons (HC), and carbon monoxide (CO), which will be beneficial to the working environment for employees.
In sale and leaseback sub-leases, risks and rewards incidental to the head lease are, in general, substantially borne by the KION Group subsidiaries.
Furthermore, the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG decided that the Group would withdraw from all business in Russia as quickly as possible.
However, these criteria are of a subor-dinate nature when making a final decision on the person to appoint.
Financial services support the sale of new trucks in many markets, forming another pillar of the service business.
Ineffective portions can arise if the critical terms of the hedged item and hedge no longer match; this is determined using the dollar-offset method.
These treasury shares are not dividend-bearing and do not confer any voting rights.
First, we assessed – based on the individual basis of the contracts – whether the projects meet the requirements for revenue recognition according to the percentage of com-pletion method.
Upon measurement of trade receivables, lease receivables, and contract assets subsequent to initial recognition, the KION Group applies the simplified impairment approach of IFRS 9.
Adjusted EBIT was also higher than in the previous year, increasing by 7.7 per cent to €850.5 million.
6 All of Dr Toepfer’s entitlements under the performance share plan have expired because he left the Company on 31 March 2018.
They are either defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution pension plans, or multi-employer ben-efit plans.
His new term of office starts on 1 July 2020 and will continue until 30 June 2025.
Those responsible for data protection and its coordination in the individual subsidiaries report to their respective management.
They were last amended on December 14, 2022.
Project business contracts with a net debit balance due to customers are reported under contract liabilities, as are advances received from customers.
In France, Linde products are sold under the Fenwick brand.
So based on our positive business situation and financial performance year-to-date, which we just explained, at KION Group, we anticipate that we will achieve the already raised targets of 2021.
In the reporting year, the opinions of customers, employees, sup-pliers, and financial and capital market representatives were taken into account to identify and ana-lyze material topics.
Gordon Riske We have a daily corona update call with all factories.
Sundry intangible assets relate in particular to customer relationships amounting to €436.9 million (December 31, 2021: €467.6 million).
It expects an increase in revenue and a significant improvement in both adjusted EBIT and return on capital employed (ROCE) in 2023.
Leases entered into with customers in connection with these financing transactions and that constitute an operating lease relationship, together with the financing of the short-term rental fleet, resulted in interest expense of €35.3 million (2021: €27.5 million).
We believe that the services business will continue to strengthen our resilience and post further strong growth.
The general guideline for all environ-mental activities is provided by the KION HSE policy, which is derived from the KION Group Code of Compliance.
Page 16   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q2 2022 Update Call Transcription  So if you look at the pipeline, what’s the split between e-commerce compared to your other verticals?
Chronic physical risks were analyzed with external partners for first prioritized representative sites using different scenarios in order to discuss impact and mitigation or adaption measures.
Across more than 100 countries worldwide, the KION Group’s logistics solutions improve the flow of material and information within factories, warehouses, and distribution centers.
Due to rounding effects, addition of the individual amounts shown may result in minor rounding differences to the totals.
Anke Groth Yes, and you also asked with respect to the short-term rental fleet.
It does seem feasible, of course, depending on the further development of the epidemic.
The level of these risks is regarded as low due to the KION Group’s business model and to the standards that have already been achieved in the areas of energy-related emissions, occupational health and safety, and supply chain monitoring.
Transcripts from the annual and quarterly conference calls, along with the associated presentations, form part of the extensive information for analysts and investors that is available on the Company’s website.
The Operating Units STILL, Linde MH and Dematic also have academies that run subject-specific and interdisciplinary training courses to develop employees’ skills, particularly in sales and service.
To this end, minuted risk management meetings are held once a quarter.
You add the release of net working capital, €250 million.
The individual Group companies directly manage counterparty risks involving customers.
The relocation of the manufacturing of STILL reach trucks from Hamburg to Stříbro in the Czech Republic is set to be completed in 2023, for example.
The new remuneration system will be presented to the Company’s Annual General Meeting on May 11, 2021 for approval.
It also needs to develop products and solutions that are closely tailored to customers’ needs and environmental requirements now and in the future, and to continually increase the customer benefits provided by its products and services.
Proprietary fuel-cell systems as an alternative to electric drives  We are on track to progress the transition toward sustainable and resource-efficient intralogistics thanks not just to lithium-ion technology but also to hydrogen drive systems.
Diversification of the customer base in terms of industry and region as well as expansion of service activities also play a role in mitigating risk.
As at December 31, 2021, the changes in estimates relating to defined benefit pension entitlements resulted in a €150.9 million increase in equity after deduction of deferred taxes  (December 31, 2020: decrease of €105.5 million).
Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee has four members, all of whom are shareholder representatives and are elected by the shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board.
Quality as a key performance component  NfR: Product safetyQuality is a key component of the promise to deliver the benefits offered by all KION Group products and processes.
It partners with research institutes, universities and companies so that it can go to market with new products and solutions within a short space of time.
Also new to the program are e-learning courses on cybersecurity and antitrust law (the latter from 2022).
As we have flagged before, the adjusted EBIT will continue to be depressed until all lower-margin orders have been worked through.
Capital employed is the working capital that is required.
Company employees regularly participate in the meetings as guests.
KION GROUP AG has issued guarantees to the banks for all of the payment  obligations.
The combined management report contains cross-references that are not provided for by law and which are marked as unaudited.
This outlook is based on the market assumptions of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) with regard to the expected economic fallout from the war in Ukraine, inflation and anti-inflationary measures, and the ongoing consequences of pandemic-related disruptions to supply chains.
Categorization of opportunities ‘Opportunities’ are understood as positive deviations from the expectations set out in the outlook relating to the economic situation and the KION Group’s business situation.
Both internal and external audits are used to systematically monitor how the relevant guidelines are applied.
A large counterbalance could be north of 50,000 bucks.
And if I could just ask another question, you mentioned there about the 9% growth rate in Supply Chain Solutions, but obviously, you’ve also got a midterm growth rate target in ITS of around 5%.
Thus, KION intends to expand the dealer network in the fast-growing Chinese market covering all brand companies.
An ‘Intelligent Experience Center’, where customers can see KION technology in action, was added to this production and development facility last year.
Spending in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment continued to be focused on capital expendi-ture on product development and on the expansion and modernization of production and technology facilities.
The CDP Climate Change score improved to A- (Leadership).
In addition, the KION Group supplies companies of all sizes.
Improving our financial results, revenue, profitability, and free cash flow, is a key focus for us this year.
the duration of the project, in line with the percentage of completion.
It was always fully involved in major decisions affecting the Company from an early stage.
Through their performance, employees create the basis for the Group’s sustainable develop-ment.
Anke will then provide you with a financial update, and we’ll close with a confirmation of our outlook for the full year 2021.
Philippe Lorrain Yes, thanks for taking my questions.
The Supervisory Board believes that, in its current composition, it covers all areas of the profile of skills and expertise with regard to practical experience (skills) and/or professional/academic training and knowledge (expertise).
These actions are already contributing to our performance, and we are focused on their continued and successful execution this year.
Sectoral conditions Based on the KION Group’s assessment, the global material handling market was unable to maintain the relatively high level of growth that it recorded in 2021 (measured by revenue).
The independent auditors review the condensed consoli­dated interim financial statements and condensed interim group management report in the half­year financial report.
A reconciliation of EBITDA to adjusted EBITDA is presented in the > table ‘EBITDA’ (in the section ‘Financial position and financial performance of the KION Group’).
The Company is not under any obligation to update or keep current the information contained in the Presentation.
The capital increase took effect when its implementation was entered in the commercial register at the Wiesbaden local court under HRB 27060 on May 23, 2017.
The first one would be on the global end market outlook.
Assets classified as held for sale were recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position in an amount of €55.2 million (2022: €27.4 million).
This includes both applying the HSE minimum standards and reviewing relevant processes with audits.
The change to the pension benefit conditions resulted in unrecognized past service income of €12.3 million in the year under review, thereby reducing the present value of the defined benefit obligation.
Currency translation gains and losses, divi-dends, valuation allowances for expected and incurred losses, the marking-to-market of derivatives that are not part of a formally documented hedge and other measurement effects are also included in the net gains and losses.
Eastern Europe, KION declined by minus 20% in Q4 compared to a very high base in Q4 2018.
The initial application of these standards and interpretations has had no significant effect on the presentation of the financial position and financial performance of the KION Group.
As regards the number of women appointed to senior management positions in the Company, the Executive Board is striving in its implementation of the new KION 2027 strategy to increase the current proportion of women in management positions.
Goodwill is tested for impairment annually at the level of the operating segments.
Foreign currency exchange rate expenses predominantly arise in connection with foreign currency positions in internal financing and the related hedging transactions that are not part of a formally documented hedge.
They speak only as at the date of the Presentation and the Company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements.
The management report is combined with the group management report.
Assets and liabilities are broken down into current and non-current items in accordance with IAS 1.60.
Other key countermeasures include continuous vulnerability scans of the entire IT infrastructure and regular penetration testing of critical systems.
Considering this, we selected projects based on risk considerations.
In mature markets and, increasingly, in growth regions, the large number of trucks in use also provides a strong base for replacement business and rising demand for services.
These hedges are often accounted for as cash flow hedges in accordance with IFRS 9.
The Group’s order intake of €11,707.6 million was in the lower half of the target range of €11,600 million to €12,500 million.
This may lead to reallocation of the budgets earmarked for the realization of opportunities.
The 2021 Annual General Meeting is scheduled to take place on May 11.
Economic trends within individual customer sectors are another important factor.
Reported EBIT included positive nonrecurring items of €1 million in the past quarter.
The emergence of new coronavirus variants that may prolong the pandemic and lead to further economic difficulties is one of the risks that the IMF sees for the macroeconomic outlook.
Despite the importance of the North American business in the Supply Chain Solutions segment and the prospective growth of business in China, the bulk of revenue continues to be generated in Europe.
The functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment in which a KION Group subsidiary operates.
The assets transferred to the trustee qualify as plan assets within the meaning of IAS 19.
As at December 31, 2022, this network comprised around 2,000 outlets in over 100 countries and was staffed by some 8,700 service employees and a large number of external service engineers.
No conflicts of interest occurred on the Supervisory Board during the year under review.
The total value of order intake rose by 40.9 percent to €8,166.3 million (2020: €5,796.8 million).
Deferred taxes are determined on the basis of the tax rates that will apply at the recovery date, or have been announced, in accordance with the current legal situation in each country concerned.
By con-stantly improving and providing more and highly efficient safety assistance systems the KION Group aims to significantly minimize the risk of environmental or personal, as well as property, damage.
The total dividend  payout rose from approximately €116.8 million to €141.5 million, which equates to a dividend payout rate of around 35 per cent.
The total carrying amount of intangible assets rose to €5,732.5 million (2018: €5,721.6 mil-lion).
Rendering of services Revenue from the rendering of services is recognized on a straight-line basis over the period of performance or in accordance with the proportion of the overall service rendered by the reporting date.
Administrative expenses increased by 10.6 percent year on year, partly due to the implementation of strategic projects, while costs for research and development climbed by 11.4 percent.
The Supply Chain Solutions segment (Dematic) was the biggest provider in the global market for warehouse automation in terms of revenue in 2020.
Name  Registered office  Country  Region  Share-holding 2023  Parent com-pany  Note 81  Linde Material Handling Austria GmbH  Linz  Austria  EMEA  100.00%  3 & 83   82  Linde Material Handling Česká republika s.r.o.
There was a moderate 1.0 percent decrease in selling expenses and administrative expenses compared with 2019.
Accordingly, no assurance is given that such forward-looking statements will prove to have been correct.
According to the IMF, the emerging markets and developing countries saw their economic output decline by 2.4 percent.
The first one is just on what you say positive for the market development in automation.
Revenue also includes revenue from the lease and short-term rental business after deduction of trade discounts and rebates.
The development in the ITS market this year has been in line with what we shared as our expectations that it’d be down high single digits over the course of this year.
Plan adjustments affecting defined benefit obligations resulted in further non-recurring items that amounted to income of €32.7 million.
Some of these  derivative financial instruments are part of a formally documented hedge with a hedged item and are recognised in accordance with the hedge accounting rules (see note [41]).
Other interest and similar income mainly comprised interest income of €169.5 million  (2022: €82.2 million) arising from intercompany receivables.
Opportunity report Principles of opportunity management Opportunity management, like risk management, forms a central part of the Company’s day-to-day management.
EBITDA for the long-term lease business is shown in the section ‘Financial posi-tion and financial performance of the KION Group’.
With respect to the lease applications used, we examined the appropriateness, implementation and, where required, effectiveness of certain IT controls in line with our audit strategy.
In addition, a central coordinating KION Group function monitors the planning of building and plant engineering at the sites to ensure that the minimum energy standards are taken into account.
Page 22   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2019 Update Call Transcription Anke Groth Hi.
Growth at regional level, particularly in the cyclical market for industrial trucks, will again depend heavily on the economic conditions in the main sales markets.
Due to the healthy growth in new business, non-current lease receivables arising from leases with end customers that are classified as finance leases also increased, to €1,701.9 million (December 31, 2022: €1,370.5 million).
This is driving demand for decentralized and smaller warehouse and logistics capacity in urban areas that speeds up delivery times and, due to automated processes, reduces personnel expenses and floor space costs.
The increase was disproportionally high in the APAC region in com-parison to the US market, which is dominated by e-commerce, and to the EMEA market.
Certain industry, market and competitive position data contained in this Presentation, if any, come from official or third party sources.
With the “X”-series Linde Material Handling offers electric forklifts whose high performance and ro-bustness can be used as a genuine alternative to internal combustion trucks.
Earnings The adjusted EBIT of the Industrial Trucks & Services segment rose by €224.6 million to €536.0 million (2020: €311.4 million).
The shares were allocated on the basis of an allocation value in euros specified in each Executive Board member’s service contract.
The changes to the pension benefit conditions in Germany resulted in unrecognized past service income of €12.3 million in the reporting year (2021: €32.7 million).
He has delegated the  performance of compliance duties to the Chief Compliance Officer.
Now, almost half of it includes price adjustment clauses.
Any unexpected de-velopments in the global economy would result in the KION Group’s and KION GROUP AG’s per-formance and profits differing significantly from those forecast below.
It also held an Analyst Day, at which it presented Dematic’s project business and provided insights into the KION Group’s digital activities.
million (December 31, 2021: €1,022.1 million) were provided to customers for their use.
The next phase is aimed at incorporating the results of the categorisation into the gen-eral risk assessment of series suppliers.
The Group also mitigates any losses from defaults by its receipt of the proceeds from the sale of repossessed industrial trucks.
The counterparty risk inherent in the leasing business continues to be insignificant.
Both the project business (business solutions) and downstream ser-vices (customer services) have contributed to this expansion.
Risks for which financial impact is measured are quantified on the basis of their likelihood of occurring and the extent of the losses that would be incurred were they to do so.
Capital expenditure includes additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment (excluding right-of-use assets related to procurement leases) and is shown in >  TABLE  115.
It is designed for a capacity of up to 40,000 industrial trucks and supports the strengthening of the Group’s market position in the fast-growing value segment.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
Page 26   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2019 Update Call Transcription  Akash Gupta Thank you.
The KION Group makes further information available at the Annual General Meeting, during regular conference calls for analysts and investors, in press releases, on the Company’s website, and on social media.
The partnership was agreed upon in 2020 and underpinned by the acquisition of a minority stake.
Profitability and resilience are supported by the decisive steps we took in both operating segments.
The effects on cash from changes in exchange rates are shown separately.
I see us in an environment where we need to manage things carefully, and our dividend policy -- we had a dividend policy of 25% to 40% of net income being paid out at dividends.
If the losses caused by a specific risk or the likelihood of this risk occurring exceed a defined limit, KION GROUP AG’s Executive Board and KION Group’s Corporate Controlling function are notified immediately.
With the exception of income and expenses recognized as other comprehensive income, equity is recognized at historical rates.
And we expect corona more to affect us during Q1.
If the residual carrying amount is greater than the recoverable amount, an impairment loss is recognized for an asset.
Detailed tables according to the Taxonomy Regulation are available in the Annex (Further disclosure on EU Taxonomy).
7 Service cost in accordance with IFRS (the service cost in accordance with the HGB is shown in table 035).
Adjusted EBITDA declined to €1,042.8 million (2019: €1,409.5 million), giving an adjusted EBITDA margin of 18.3 percent (2019: 22.0 percent).
The Supervisory Board appointed Hasan Dandashly for four years and Andreas Krinninger for three years as additional members of the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG with effect from the start of 2021.
The future development of KION GROUP AG and its subsidiaries and the results that are actually achieved are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual events or results to differ significantly from those reflected in the forward-looking statements.
Any help you could give us that -- aside from pricing, what measures do you have to protect that bottom line?
–STILL, a provider of forklift trucks, warehouse trucks and intralogistics systems, is a leading innovator in its field and has a particular focus on the European and Latin American markets.
As there is no foreseeable end to their useful life, the brand names are not amortized.
The KION Group mitigates research and development risk by focusing firmly on customer benefit in its development of products and solutions.
Poznań  Poland  EMEA  100.00%  11   26  Dematic Pte.
A general slowdown in economic activity was observed in the fourth quarter of 2022.
Procurement risk increased in 2020 as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.
The Executive Board is authorized to determine that shareholders can cast their votes in writing or by means of electronic communication (absentee voting).
The KION Group believes that interest in automated and digital solutions increased again in 2022 because they help to make intralogistics processes safer and more resilient.
Other obligations included provisions for risks arising from lease business, for waste disposal and recycling obligations, and for litigation.
For sale and lease back sublease contracts con-cluded after 31 December 2017, the transaction is classified as a finance lease.
This involves not only the design of the business processes, but also the risk management and control processes.
Visitors entering a KION Group site must familiarize themselves with the necessary safety instructions – for example, emergency plans, first aid measures, work permits or the safe handling of machinery and equipment.
Executive Board The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG is responsible for the operational management of the KION Group and had four members in 2020.
Digitalization When it came to the digitalization of customer solutions, the focus was on development projects relating to digital solutions for warehouse automation.
At the time that this combined management report was prepared, all known risks were reflected in the outlook for 2023.
The first question I have is on the margin objective, the 10% margin target by 2027.
It may also sell the shares in return for a non-cash consideration, in particular in connection with the acquisition of a business, parts of a business, or equity investments.
In the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, revenue generated from external customers went up by 12.9 percent.
A significant year-on-year increase in adjusted EBIT (IFRS) is therefore anticipated for 2024.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 116 Annual report 2022  Employee commitment All KION Group’s companies aim to ensure a high level of employee commitment.
We are thus setting the course for our medium- and long-term growth.
The Group’s financing takes the form of variable-rate and fixed-rate financial liabilities.
Potential interest-rate hikes in advanced economies may result in risks to financial stability and to capital flows, currencies, and the financial situation in emerging markets and developing countries.
We will come back to the market with a new outlook for the year once we have better visibility.
In sale and leaseback transactions, industrial trucks are sold to financing partners in accordance with civil law, immediately leased back, and then provided for use to end customers.
In the reporting year, there were no confirmed cases of corruption or bribery at the KION Group.
Copper prices maintained their sharp upward trend from the prior year.
The rise was predominantly attributable to the increase in foreign currency exchange rate gains.
With close to 50% of revenue, services also contributed to the strong revenue level.
Non-current and current liabilities from the leasing business rose to €2,739.3 million as at December 31, 2020 (December 31, 2019: €2,495.0 million).
Health and safety in the workplace The KION Group attaches great importance to the health and safety of its employees.
But to be very straightforward, it’s very difficult to predict how a gas crisis, a gas shortage, a significant reduction of gas will affect the entire supply chain.
The New Energy Systems department brings together the KION Group’s knowledge and skills relating to current and future drive technologies.
The financial statements of foreign equity-accounted investments are also translated using the method described above.
They were last amended on December 14, 2022.
Customers range from large key accounts with global operations to small and medium-sized enterprises that typically order just a few trucks each year.
You know that we normally do have a range of 1.5% to 2%, which is our normal price increase.
Many of these factors are beyond the control of KION GROUP AG and its subsidiaries and therefore cannot be precisely predicted.
But there was a definite good rebound from Q3 to Q4 on the order intake.
Within the Americas region, the Supply Chain Solutions segment recorded steady revenue growth in its key sales market of North America, despite delays to projects.
Three other projects were taking place at various KION Group sites as at the end of 2021.
Our Q2 procurement costs for materials, energy, and logistics intensified further versus the first quarter.
So as we had lower pureplay e-commerce last year, there’ll be less execution on pureplay e-commerce this year.
It’s clearly good that you guys are paying a dividend.
The electric forklift trucks were also nominated for the Design prize of the German Sustainability Awards (DNP).
The amount of deferred tax assets recognized in the statement of financial position decreased to €449.3 million as at December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020: €494.9 million).
Other changes in the equity of associates and joint ventures are recognized in other comprehensive income in the consolidated financial statements in proportion to the Group’s interest in the associate or joint venture.
Hans Peter Ring, who has been a member of the Supervisory Board since June 2013, was elected as chairman of the Supervisory Board immediately after the Annual General Meeting.
If necessary, the compliance management sys-tem is modified to counter future violations.
The details of this report were discussed thoroughly at the Supervisory Board meeting on 2 March 2020 when it was adopted.
Depreciation of property, plant, and equipment is recognized on a straight-line basis and reported under functional costs.
The risk matrix below showing the relevant probabilities of occurrence and levels of risk from the Group’s perspective remained unchanged compared with the end of 2021.
Going forward, the KION Group intends to fill more management positions internationally in order to better fulfill the continually growing requirements placed on the Company.
Leases are generally linked to a service contract covering the term of the finance agreement.
However, the associated revenue growth was delayed to 2021 due to postponements in the completion of projects and restrictions in the supply chain.
This equates to an 8.55 percent rise in the Company’s share capital in existence on the effec-tive date and at the time of use of the 2017 Authorized Capital.
Last year, 20 central HSE audits were carried out within the KION Group.
Due to the high transaction volume in connection with the various contract types, any errors in this area may considerably affect the consolidated financial statements.
The free float accounted for 53.4 percent of the shares, while the remaining 0.1 percent were treasury shares.
The operator of the new plant will be KION (Jinan) Forklift Co., Ltd., which was established with Weichai Power Co., Ltd. at the start of 2020 and in which the KION Group holds a 95.0 percent stake.
Upon initial recognition, financial liabilities in the AC category are carried at fair value, including any directly attributable transaction costs.
The combination of smaller order volumes and more frequent orders requires efficient and automated solutions.
Like the Group-wide standards, these rules and regulations are continuously adapted to new conditions.
KION shares end 2023 with a strong gain In 2023, KION shares were able to recoup some of the substantial losses that they had suffered in the previous year.
It also handles individual orders for repairs and maintenance work as well as for spare parts.
As well as adding new products and capacities, we are also forging ahead with the expansion of our global sales and service network, particularly in Asia.
Non-current and current liabilities from the short-term rental business, which totaled €505.6 million (December 31, 2019: €615.8 million), declined in line with the contraction of the short-term rental fleet.
their right to speak and their right to vote.
One further new collaborative project, CampusOS, was started in 2022.
3 The contractual allocation value of the performance share plan on the date of grant was recognised pro rata from the date of appointment to the Executive Board (1 June 2018).
The basis for decision-making includes sensitivity analyses of interest-rate risk positions in key currencies.
Due to the coronavirus pandemic, Executive Board members often had to take part in meetings via video conference in the reporting year.
Industrial Trucks & ServicesIn 2019, order numbers in the global market for industrial trucks fell by 2.1 per cent year on year to around 1.5 million trucks.
The service business, meanwhile, is more stable than the product business as it is linked to the installed base of trucks over their entire lifetime.
If KION shares outperform the MDAX by 6.67 percent and the ROCE targets defined each year on the basis of the budget are achieved, total target achievement will be 100 percent.
Specific solutions, such as micro-fulfillment, help Dematic to further consolidate its position in major customer sectors, including gen-eral merchandise, grocery wholesale and retail, fashion, food and beverage manufacturing, and parcel and courier services.
The chairman of the Supervisory Board does not have a casting vote on the candidates proposed.
To this end, the KION Group is setting up an information and analysis system that records relevant data and information for effective supply chain management with regard to the main purchasing and material items.
But with the products that you can deliver in six weeks, so the visibility is quite a bit shorter.
All of this shows that we are able to maintain our course, even in such choppy waters.
11, 2021  Hasan Dandashly  Executive Board  Share  Purchase  1,000  €78.31  €78,312.22 Mar.
CP will continue to be responsible for ITS in the APAC region on our Executive Board and will transfer responsibility for the ITS Americas segment to Mike Larsson.
The foreign-currency forwards used as hedges will mature in 2023 at the latest.
If you want, allow me to maybe give you some sort of a bridge that might help you actually coming from the other end, which is maybe starting from the reported EBIT, which is roundabout €450 million.
The basis for decision-making in-cludes sensitivity analyses of interest-rate risk positions in key currencies.
NitraSlovakia23 & 120100.00%100.00%108 Linde Viličar d.o.o.
In the Supply Chain Solutions segment, the KION Group entered into an agreement in July 2021 to acquire 49.0 percent of the share capital and voting rights in a leading provider of warehouse and supply chain automation solutions in India.
Adjusted EBITDA decreased to €32.2 million (2021: €476.6 million); the adjusted EBITDA margin was just 0.8 percent (2021: 12.6 percent).
order intake, revenue) for the reporting period excluding the effects of changes in exchange rates.
This change was due to the much poorer earnings situation of the tax group last year and to the effects of a reassessment of tax circumstances from previous years.
The Group’s focus on sustainability is reflected in its efforts to manufacture products that are as eco-friendly and safe as possible, to use climate- and environmentally friendly manufacturing processes, and to provide a safe and non-discriminatory working environment.
The KION Group’s net working capital jumped to €1,192.0 million as at December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020: €984.5 million) owing to the good level of orders on hand and the ongoing global supply bottlenecks.
For long-term construction contracts in the Supply Chain Solu-tions segment, services that have already been rendered are deducted from the total value of the contract with the customer.
Free cash flow during the full year 2019 was €568 million and exceeded the high prior-year level.
We expect and have noticed, in the first months of this year, continued momentum from Q4 but not at the rate that we saw in Q4.
In the period before the industrial truck is returned, it is depreciated on a straight-line basis until the amount expected to be paid upon return is reached.
The financial assets largely comprised the carrying amounts of the equity investments in Dematic Holdings GmbH (€2,862.2 million) and Linde Material Handling GmbH (€1,368.4 million).
The methodology applied was regularly examined by TÜV Rheinland.
Projected KPIs The projected KPIs reflect the Company’s expectations regarding future developments and are therefore forward-looking.
KION GROUP AG controls a subsidiary if it has decision-making power over the main activities of the entity and can use this power to affect the amount of the variable returns to which it is exposed as a result of the equity investment.
We’re watching those very carefully, and they’re part of our planning process.
The payment of taxes totaling minus €216.8 million (2019: minus €191.6 million), resulting mainly from the Company’s strong prof-itability in 2019, was also a factor.
Rob Smith No, Akash, I ask you to please understand our commercial agility and our operational agility are very important for our company.
This has the potential to impact negatively on the KION Group’s business.
Yes, the market in ITS was still very strong in the first half of last year and then cooled down, as you see in the market numbers for Q3 and also our expectations for the market for Q4.
Besides others, the main reasons for this are climate change and the legal requirements designed to prevent it.
The target achievement levels for the weighted targets (adjusted EBIT and free cash flow) are added together to give the total target achievement.
To support customers in choosing the right technology for them, LMH EMEA has added new solutions and tools to its existing range of consulting services.
This may lead to reallocation of the budgets earmarked for the realization of opportunities.
The increase was due to the rights issue carried out in December 2020.
The impairment losses on property, plant, and equipment are reported under other expenses.
Despite the regionalization of some supply chains as a result of the coronavirus pandemic, the globalization of many sectors continues to be one of the main over-arching growth drivers.
In particular, the Company may retire the treasury shares or sell them through a stock exchange or by means of an offer to all shareholders.
Across more than 100 countries worldwide, the KION Group’s logistics solutions improve the flow of material and information within factories, warehouses, and distribution centers.
And when we do so, we plan to also address our medium-term targets.
Cash and cash equivalents rose from €175.3 million as at 31 December 2018 to €211.2 million as at 31 December 2019.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 101 Annual report 2022  In addition, it uses derivatives to hedge currency risk.
This investment project has been supported by funding from the German Federal Ministry for Digital and Transport.
SzczecinPoland14100.00%–[2]91 Linde Material Handling Polska Sp.
In addition, data-based analysis software will enable the KION Group’s customers to reduce energy costs and promote the achievement of sustainability targets through flexible procurement on the energy mar-kets and the optimal use of energy.
KION is also an industry partner in the European research project IMOCO4.E, which aims to significantly expand the autonomous capabilities of vehicles and open up a broader field of applications in the human-machine production environment.
BarcelonaSpain110100.00%100.00%112 Linde Material Handling Ibérica, S.A.U.
As the KION Group can only adjust its fixed costs to fluctuations in demand to a limited extent and with a delay, reductions in revenue impact on earnings.
Under KEEP 2019, the KION Group will bear the cost of one KION share (free share) in each of the first seven share packages that an employee takes up.
Preparations to end the audit work of the current auditors, Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Munich, and for the audit work to be taken over by the new auditors were made in the second half of 2022.
And in case I push my luck too much at this point, any comments on current trading into October in absolute terms would be highly appreciated.
The annual tranches promised under the plan have a term (performance period) of three years and are paid at the end of the term, provided the defined targets have been achieved.
Coslada  Spain  EMEA  100.00%  17   21  Dematic Logistics de Mexico S. de R.L.
In line with this strategy, our Hamburg-based brand STILL opened its fourth European refurbishment center in Turkey a couple days ago, following sites in Germany, Poland, and Italy.
We examined the appropriateness of the internal controls’ design and implementation regarding the estimation of the percentage of completion and continued review of contract costs.
Customers’ satisfaction with the products and services of the KION Group is highlighted by the long-term nature of customer relationships and the high proportion of repeat business.
The €39.6  million rise in provisions to €125.1  million was mainly the result of additions in tax provisions and to the provi-sions for share-based remuneration and short-term incentives.
The transaction costs of €10.2 million (after tax) that were directly attributable to the capital increase were recognized under capital reserves.
The Executive Board provided the Supervisory Board with regular written and oral reports on the Company’s economic position and on material business transactions, both during meetings and between meetings.
However, the proportion of the segment’s external revenue generated by the service business fell to 20.5 percent (2020: 26.1 percent) due to the above-average rise in revenue attributable to business solutions.
The Supervisory Board also deliberated on the strategic significance of the Company-wide transformation and digitalization project and on the progress with its implementation.
Approval of the Executive Board remuneration system The Supervisory Board recognizes the particular significance of appropriate, performance-based, and transparent remuneration arrangements for the Executive Board.
The purchase consideration for these shares was approx-imately €3.3 million.
In this context, the KION Group is integrating software into its solutions and increasingly marketing software solutions as standalone products.
The pro-rata expense calculation based on the fair value of the phantom shares on each valuation date is carried out using Monte Carlo simulation.
Gains and losses arising from the disposal of interests are also recognised in equity, provided there is no change in control.
Nevertheless, the individual activities could create positive effects that exceed expectations.
A total of around 84 percent of the share capital was represented.
Page 7, we’ll see the key financials for the ITS segment.
The Executive Board subsequently approved the strategy as binding.
In 2022, 98 percent of the employees were trained on the topic of occupational safety (2021: 98 percent).
On cross-border issues, the European Works Council represents the interests of employees in the Eu-ropean Union.
However, this share is to be regarded as the minimum.
Executive Board The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG is responsible for the operational management of the KION Group.
I understand that the increase in size obviously could be -- could explain part of this in one quarter, but what are the conversations you’re having with clients?
The precise aim is to prepare internal candidates for management positions to accomplish the tasks and challenges of the KION Group’s future.
Management positions are predominantly filled with talented employees who are recruited from within the Group and, to this end, have received support and skills training.
Default risk is limited by diversifying business partners based on certain credit ratings.
Marcus Wassenberg So basically, we’re seeing shipments coming from the order backlog.
Contract balances Contract assets mainly relate to goods and services provided in the project business that have not yet been billed.
It is also stepping up its multi-brand strategies on the sales side.
And so, we keep a good watching eye on that.
The prospective and retrospective effectiveness of hedges is measured using a regression analysis with historical data.
The use of lithium-ion batteries in drive technology is at the heart of our research and development activities.
Sustainable procurement                                                                          102-9The KION Group’s purchasing organisation is strategically managed centrally and operates with a cross-brand and cross-regional material group structure.
The additional benefits were measured at the value calculated for tax purposes.
The KION Group’s diversified and well-balanced customer structure and long-standing customer relationships, combined with the way it is benefiting from global growth trends, are key factors that explain why it is relatively resilient to economic turbulence and external market disruptions.
Default risk is limited by diversifying business partners based on certain credit ratings.
The reported revenue of €47.2 million (2018: €30.5 million) largely arose from the performance of services for affiliated companies.
Thank you very much to the both of you.
Any of these risks that have a measurable financial impact are incorporated into an existing risk category as appropriate.
The Executive Board develops the Company’s strategy, discusses it with the Supervisory Board, and ensures that it is implemented.
The KION Group was represented by its brand companies at various other trade fairs as well, such as CeMAT AUSTRALIA, the Logistics Summit in Hamburg, and ACHEMA, the world’s leading trade show for the process industry.
2 Or equivalent standards  Establishing a permanent health and safety culture The KION Group strives to create a behavior-based safety culture that minimizes risks to physical and mental health such as work-related injuries, occupational illnesses or overexertion.
For ex-ample, the finance talent management program focuses on diversity criteria when nominating po-tential candidates and thus, fosters diversity in the finance organization.
The Group-wide HSE network of experts ensures that knowledge is shared and best practices rolled out throughout the Group.
At the same time, the threat level is also becoming more acute, as both the number of attacks and their potential to cause damage have increased in recent years.
Through the SBTi, KION has enshrined its long-term goal of reaching net-zero greenhouse gas emissions along its value chain (scopes 1, 2, and 3) by 2050, and set related interim goals up to 2030.
Like what was full year order intake from pureplay ecommerce companies in 2022 versus 2021?
There is also the risk of further inflation following the sharp price rises seen in 2022 and of a potential destabilization of the international financial markets if interest rates rise and a debt crisis unfolds in emerging markets and developing countries.
Compliance The Executive Board and Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG consider that adhering rigorously to broad-ranging compliance standards is essential to the Company’s sustained financial success.
Although the KION Group managed to reduce the level of orders on hand over the twelve-month period, the order book was still at the high level of €6,362.1 million as at the reporting date (December 31, 2022: €7,077.8 million).
Further details of Executive Board remuneration, including the individual amounts for each member, are presented in KION GROUP AG’s separate 2022 remuneration report, which will be made available on the KION Group website.
If the cost of acquisition is lower than the fair value of the acquiree’s net assets, the negative goodwill is recog-nized in profit or loss.
The decrease was due to the poorer earnings situation of the tax group in 2020.
The additional benefits were measured at the value calculated for tax purposes.
The amount is significantly lower than in the prior year because of the deterioration in earnings and free cash flow.
However, the latter is likely to be sig-nificantly lower than the exceptionally strong growth seen in 2020.
The current corporate income tax rate in Germany is 15.0 percent plus a solidarity surcharge (5.5 percent of corporate income tax).
It also prepares all Supervisory Board resolutions required in this regard, especially in connection with the Executive Board members’ variable remuneration components (setting of targets and target achievement for the short-term and long-term bonuses).
The Executive Committee holds four regular meetings per year.
But it’d have more impact next year.
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in euros, which is the Group’s presentation cur-rency.
The figure for 2020 had been influenced by high non-tax-deductible expenses and by losses that could not be utilized for tax purposes owing to the level of earnings.
The gross margin was squeezed by the effects of higher material prices and logistics costs, inefficiencies resulting from supply and resource bottlenecks, and the relatively small increase in volumes in the high-margin service business in the SCS segment.
A certain German union is looking at 7% to 8% wage increases starting in October.
Although demand for services is less cyclical than new business with industrial trucks, it correlates with the degree of utilization of the trucks and systems, which usually declines during difficult economic periods.
Energy use as a main driver                             NfR: Location-specific greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions                                            302-1, 305-1, 305-2, 305-3, 305-7The main driver of greenhouse gas emissions in the KION Group is the use of energy (Table 8).
The information and opinions contained in this Presentation do not purport to be comprehensive, are provided as at thedate of the document and are subject to change without notice.
In addition, the executive directors are responsible for such internal control as they have determined necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
The products and services of subsidiaries in the KION Group have to comply with the specific legal requirements in their respective markets.
So that will be one of the challenges is getting enough people and the capacities to keep up with the growth.
So firstly, within the 6% organic revenue growth that was posted in Q2, how much of that 6% was volume, and how much was pricing?
It contains the KION Group’s separate non-financial Group report as required under Germany’s CSR Directive Implementation Act (CSR-RUG).
The supply chain risks for 2024 are regarded as manageable based on the prevailing market conditions.
The identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are measured at their fair value.
KION GROUP AG controls a subsidiary if it has decision-making authority over the main activities of the entity and can use this authority to affect the amount of the variable returns to which it is exposed as a result of the equity investment.
The proportion of the KION Group’s total workforce made up of women was slightly higher at 17.8 percent in 2022, compared with 17.1 percent in 2021.
Global online trade (B2C) has expanded at an average rate of 16 percent per annum in recent years (2017 to 2023) according to research institute eMarketer (eMarketer, June 2023).
While it will take longer for list price increases on new trucks to flow through, the margin quality of the backlog benefitted from recent list price increases.
Net payments for acquisitions had amounted to minus €17.0 million in 2021; the equivalent figure for the year under review was minus €4.9 million.
Our response to the changing situation since March 2020 has been rapid and thorough, particularly when it comes to protecting our employees’ health, which is our highest priority.
The compact design of the fully automated system means that fulfilment cen-tres can be installed close to the end consumer, which brings down delivery times even further.
The KION Group complied with all the obligations in this regard in the reporting year.
either directly or by way of intermediate benefit arrangements.
Because, at least for the German workforce, I would imagine that this could be a topic next year.
Processes 05 | Climate and energy The worldwide efforts to limit global warming and corresponding challenges for the planet demand active and forward-looking climate-related action from the KION Group.
[41] Financial risk reporting Capital management One of the prime objectives of capital management is to ensure liquidity at all times.
[4] Basis of consolidation KION GROUP AG’s equity investments consist of subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates, and fi-nancial investments.
Details on the type and amount of contribution by the KION Group in the reporting year are available in the Annex (Table 36).
When liabilities from procurement leases are initially measured, the lease payments not yet made are discounted at an interest rate implicit in the lease.
Free cash flow is shown in the > table ‘Core key performance indicators’ in this section.
The associates and joint ventures can be seen in the list of shareholdings (see note [49]).
The specification of this type of target is required by Germany’s ‘Act for the equal participation of women and men in managerial  positions in the private and public sectors’.
The Annual General Meeting in 2022 was, as in 2021, held as a virtual event without the physical presence of the shareholders or their proxies due to the special circumstances created by the ongoing coronavirus pandemic.
For example, procedures are in place to validate and log access to the Group’s infrastructure.
In doing so, the Supervisory Board took account of the Company’s financial situation and performance, its medium-term financial and capital-expenditure planning, and the interests of the shareholders.
In 2020, the Supervisory Board therefore defined what it considers to be an adequate number of independent Supervisory Board members.
Page 27   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q3 2023 Update Call Transcription Rob Smith Yes, I did describe a general trend.
The payment of taxes totaling minus €216.8 million (2019: minus €191.6 million), resulting mainly from the Company’s strong  profitability in 2019, was also a factor.
Up-to-date ratings from CDP, EcoVadis, FTSE Russell ESG, ISS ESG, MSCI ESG, S&P Global CSA, Sustainalytics ESG Risk Rating and Vigeo Eiris ESG can be found on the corporate website.
The improvement in this KPI was partly due to the smaller rise in capital employed at the end of 2019 relative to the increase in revenue.
In the year under review, Germany and other regions of importance to our Company experienced a third wave of coronavirus before a brief spell of falling case numbers in the summer followed by a fourth wave at the end of the year.
The Executive Board maintains a relationship of trust with, and is monitored by, the Company’s Supervisory Board.
And consequently, we expect a high single-digit decline for the ITS market in China in the full year, whereas the market for Supply Chain Solutions is marked by long-term strategic decisions and therefore less cyclical.
Order intake in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment is expected to be lower than in 2021 due to an anticipated decline in the global market for industrial trucks.
In the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, at least 75 percent of the currency risk related to the planned operating cash flows based on liquidity planning is normally hedged by currency forwards in accord-ance with the risk management policy.
The 2018 tranche expired on December 31, 2020 and will be paid out in the first quarter of 2021.
Continued investment in global growth The KION Group continued with its ongoing growth projects according to plan in 2021, with some already completed successfully.
In 2021, revenue of €1,634.8 million (2020: €892.7 million) was generated from one single external customer and predominantly in the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
Providing support for the expansion of the sustainability management system will be a particular priority here.
Initial value of the KION share (60-days average)  €71.20  €57.79 Initial value of the MDAX (60-days average)  28,518.18 pts.
China exceeded this rate of growth with an increase of 8.1 percent, which was driven by strong exports and rising domestic demand.
He played a key role in the KION Group’s transformation from a European industrial truck manufacturer into one of the world’s leading providers of intralogistics and automation solutions.
Consequently, they involve a number of risks and uncertainties.
The shift in the relevant yield curves was simulated to assess interest-rate risk.
23,000 KION Group employees covered by collective bargaining agree-ments at the end of 2020.
In addition, the Operating Units have extensive used truck and rental truck businesses, allowing peaks in capacity requirements to be met and customers to be supported after their leases have expired.
Based on this analysis, which was limited to data of KION Group companies, there would have been no notable additional tax expense in the relevant countries if MinStG had been required to be applied in respect of the 2023 financial year.
There’s still quite a bit of appropriate R&D going on in ITS and SCS.
And they are placing orders in Europe with us.
Interest-rate risks arising on the variable-rate tranches of the promissory note were hedged by en-tering into a number of interest-rate swaps, thereby transforming the variable interest-rate exposure into fixed-rate obligations.
In addition, each of the main risks for current planning is analyzed and discussed at all levels as part of the regular business review meetings.
Regular certifications and corresponding audits contribute to maintaining standards and help identify possible improvements.
Its chairman is always the chairman of the Supervisory Board.
In addition, they are responsible for financial reporting based on the going concern basis of accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or there is no realistic alternative but to do so.
The interest income is recognized under financial income and is spread over the term of the lease in order to ensure a constant return on the outstanding net investment in the lease.
The risks involved in the process of ramping up new production sites remained insignificant in the reporting year and are minimised by means of project management and contractual provisions.
These are offset by gains and losses on the change in the fair value of the hedged lease receivables, which result in an adjustment in profit or loss of the carrying amount of the hedged item in net financial income/expenses.
For the sake of these stakeholders, KION GROUP AG strives for an appropriate ratio of internal funding to borrowing.
Moreover, conditions in the commodity markets typically affect component prices after a delay of no more than three to six months.
As a responsible employer, the KION Group focuses on preventing accidents and occupational illnesses as much as possible, as well as safeguarding each individual’s long-term capacity to work.
The plan set out in the agreement is for the KION Group to then acquire the remaining 51.0 percent of the shares in two further tranches by 2025.
However, the strength of the service business meant that order intake increased none-theless.
For example, a variable-rate tranche of the promissory note that was due to mature in 2024 and had a nominal amount of €167.0 million was repaid ahead of schedule at the end of April 2021.
Ltd.  Singapore  Singapore  APAC  100.00%  84   82  Linde Material Handling Austria GmbH  Linz  Austria  EMEA  100.00%  84 & 4   83  Linde Material Handling Česká republika s.r.o.
The Remuneration Committee focuses mainly on issues relating to the Executive Board’s remuneration but also deals with the annual remuneration report and the preparations for the report’s approval by the Annual General Meeting.
3 The figure shown for multiple-year variable remuneration is for the actual amount paid out, which may differ from the estimated value listed in the 2018 consolidated financial statements.
The KION Group is predicting a high single-digit percentage decline in the number of new industrial trucks ordered in 2022 following a very strong year for this market in 2021.
The KION Group maintains a liquidity reserve in the form of cash and a revolving credit facility in order to ensure long-term financial flexibility and solvency.
Some mem-bers of this group have already been promoted to a senior management position.
The auditors were appointed by the chairman of the Supervisory Board on June 2, 2021.
The table below shows the pension contributions (additions to the plan) attributable to each individ-ual Executive Board member and their separate present values in accordance with IFRS and HGB.
And that means we have no change to our midterm targets, which we announced last year.
The assignment to the various categories can be found in note [40].
Various technical and organizational measures protect the data of the KION Group and the Group companies against unauthorized access, misuse, and loss.
Building on the prepa-rations carried out in 2019 and supported by an external, independent remuneration consultant, the working group drew up the broad outline for the updated Executive Board remuneration system over five sessions.
This requires the Group to continually develop products that meet customer expectations and comply with changing regulatory and technological requirements.
This equates to an 8.55 percent rise in the Company’s share capital in existence on the effective date and at the time of use of the 2017 Authorized Capital.
Moreover, predictions of higher volumes and margins may lead to overcapacity, which would put increased pressure on prices.
As at December 31, 2021, outstanding lease payments with a present value of €654.4 million  (December 31, 2020: €500.4 million) were available as collateral for liabilities from the lease business.
On June 16, 2023, the KION Group signed an agreement for the sale of the Industrial Trucks & Services segment’s business in Russia as part of a management buyout.
The focus in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment was on the expansion and modernization of production and technology facilities.
Discarding fewer products means obtaining fewer materials and is better for the environment and the economy in the long run.
Gordon Riske Well, we turn orders down all the time.
The KION Group mitigates its liquidity risk and interest-rate risk attaching to the lease business by ensuring that most of its transactions and funding loans have matching maturities and by constantly updating its liquidity planning.
Other financial investments comprise long-term investments that are held in order to cover the de-fined benefit obligation and do not qualify as plan assets.
He succeeded Dr. Eike Böhm, who retired on  June 30, 2021.
Leases are generally linked to a service contract covering the term of the finance agreement.
Christian Harm So indeed, we are seeing a very good development of the free cash flow across the 3 quarters so far throughout the year, and evidently, that’s driven by the earnings that we are having.
The system and the methods applied are refined on an ongoing basis and are regularly assessed to ensure they are functioning as intended.
This may lead to reallocation of the budgets earmarked for the realization of opportunities.
The new plant will be used to manufacture items such as racks for the Dematic Multishuttle system, components for automated guided vehicle systems, and conveyor belts and systems.
Accordingly, a liability related to financial services is recognised in addition to an asset.
Our observation year-to-date is that the market is performing in line with our expectations of being down high single digits.
They relate to services that are still to be provided but for which prepayments from customers have been received.
And in 2020, we paid €10 million for the acquisition of the minority state in EP Equipment.
The task in-cludes general qualification and development programs as well as individual talent management.
Adjusted EBITDA increased to €1,409.5  million (2018: €1,340.2 million).
RemunerationThe remuneration paid to the Executive Board comprises a fixed salary and non-cash benefits, pension entitlements and perfor-mance-related components.
The agreed financial covenant involves ongoing testing of adherence to a defined maximum level of leverage.
The impairment test is conducted at the level of the operating entities, which represent the cash-generating units, by determining the corresponding realisa-ble amount and comparing that realisable amount with the corresponding carrying value.
And we see the adjustment or the rebalancing, if you will, in e-commerce is a temporary piece, temporary phenomenon, and we expect it to get back on a growth path in the quarters or the couple years to come.
Despite the expected downturn in the macroeconomic environment, the risk that customers will cancel or postpone orders has not, in the assessment of the KION Group, significantly increased.
However, KION was slightly lagging behind the market, which was mainly driven by an even stronger demand for smaller warehouse equipment.
Cost of sales The cost of sales comprises the cost of goods sold and services rendered, costs arising from project business contracts, and revenue-related costs from the lease and short-term rental business.
with a combination of attendance in person and telephone / video conferencing).
I think it’s important -- and I’m glad you asked the question because there is no reversion to old times.
The Annual General Meeting on May 11, 2017 voted to create authorized capital that will enable the KION Group to meet its funding needs quickly and flexibly.
There is still a lot of cash Page 4   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2022 Update Call Transcription tied up in working capital, and we expect to further unwind some of that this year.
It is responsible for managing the Company in the Company’s interest, i.e.
Leases entered into with cus-tomers in connection with these financing transactions and that constitute an operating lease rela-tionship, together with the financing of the short-term rental fleet, resulted in interest expense of €22.5 million (2019: €23.3 million).
We’ve found alternatives and put some plans in place and some capex in place to enable us to do all the heating needs without the gas and use the gas only for the drying process.
The auditors reviewed this report and issued an auditors’ report.
So that it can ensure security of supply and the availability of spare parts for important components in order to meet customers’ specific requirements, the segment manufactures major components itself, notably lift masts, axles, counterweights, and safety equip-ment.
The long-term growth rate used for Dematic was 1.3 percent (2020: 1.3 percent).
This has created a staggered board structure, thereby helping to ensure the continuity of the Supervisory Board’s work.
For example, serious breaches of the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) can lead to fines of up to 4 percent of the previous year’s revenue.
KPIs used by the KION Group This section contains an overview of the KPIs used by the KION Group to comply with the reporting obligations prescribed by law.
In terms of GHG emissions, for example, energy and fuel consumption during the use phase proved to be the biggest emission driver across all product groups.
The percentages shown are calculated on the basis of the respective amounts, rounded to the nearest thousand euros (€ thousand).
At the same time, however, customers in both operating segments were reluctant to invest in view of uncertainty in the global markets, causing a sharp year-on-year fall in order intake.
For 2023, a total expense of €20.4 million for twelve months was recognized for share-based remuneration (2022: total income of €22.1 million).
If a customer is expected to accept goods but has yet to do so, the corresponding revenue is recognized only when the goods are accepted.
As a result, a large number of projects in the operating units are concerned with reducing energy consumption or emissions.
The chairman of the Supervisory Board does not have a casting vote on the candidates proposed.
The mentees and mentors alike describe the program as very rewarding.
This AGV, which uses AI-based swarm technology, was developed in conjunction with the Fraunhofer Institute for Material Flow and Logistics and was successfully trialed at a leading logistics company in 2022.
Free cash flow is expected to be in a range between €270.0 million and €370.0 million.
KION GROUP AG’s Supervisory Board had five standing committees in the reporting year.
In parallel to the appointments to these new positions, it appeared opportune in this context to deal with the succession planning for the role of Chief Technology Officer (CTO).
Page 27   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call Transcription   Next one after that, of course, is if it’s internal combustion, is the fuel, is the energy.
All of the separate financial statements of the subsidiaries included in the consolidation were prepared as at the same reporting date as the annual financial statements of KION GROUP AG.
This funding enables the KION Group to present a united front in the capital markets and strengthens its hand in negotiations with banks and other market participants.
Page 16   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2019 Update Call Transcription  Free cash flow is expected to be in the range of €270 million to €370 million.
There is also a possibility that new strategic opportunities that were not part of the planning may arise over the course of the year, for example in the form of acquisitions and strategic partnerships.
This would result in assets and liabilities not being recognised and measured in the correct amount.
Data protection and information security As digitalization and networking continue to pick up speed, the importance of a secure IT infrastruc-ture, that is reliable all the time is also growing.
Prepayments received from customers came to €645.5 million (2019: €549.6 million).
In this way, the KION Group creates a stable funding position for profitable growth.
The number of new truck orders rose by a total of 42.9 percent to 2,343 thousand units, which was a new record.
For 2023, the IMF expects global economic growth to slow again to 2.9% versus 3.4% in ’22, with developed economies expanding by just 1.2% and the Eurozone by 0.7%.
And then would you mind putting a number behind those milestones that you would see coming through in ’23?
A team is responsible for monitoring the system-based controls, which it supplements with manual checks.
Overall, the climate-related risks faced by the KION Group in this regard, e.g.
For internal management purposes, the KION Group has divided its operating business into two operating segments that correspond to the operating segments as required by international financial reporting standards (IFRS 8).
The EMEA and Americas regions were key contributors to the growth in supply chain solutions.
Could you talk a bit about the potential lessons you might have learned from the current supply challenges?
Petaling Jaya  Malaysia  APAC  100.00%  29   12  Dematic Corp.  Grand Rapids  United States  Americas  100.00%  15   13  Dematic GmbH  Heusenstamm  Germany  EMEA  100.00%  18   14  Dematic Group Ltd.  Banbury  United Kingdom  EMEA  100.00%  15   15  Dematic Group S.à r.l.
Gains and losses recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income are not reclassified to profit or loss upon derecognition of these financial assets but instead remain in equity.
Overall, the level of financial risk remaining unchanged compared with the previous year.
It contains the KION Group’s report on non-financial matters as required under the German law to implement the corporate social responsibility (CSR) directive.
In mature markets and, increasingly, in growth regions, the large number of trucks in use also provides a strong base for replacement business and rising demand for services.
In a next step, we obtained an understanding of whether the automated entry and classification routines used in the lease applications comply with the relevant IFRS.
Moving to the free cash flow statement on Page 14, in the 9-month period, free cash flow amounted to €135 million.
There was also increased demand in the service business, which benefited from the expanding installed base of completed customer projects.
In addition, the KION Group continued to drive forward the development of cross-brand software and hardware for use in applications such as networked trucks and AMRs.
The risk and capacity management system is in place to work with suppliers to examine risks as well as develop and implement concepts to safeguard capacity.
Baoli focuses on industrial trucks in the lower value and economy segments.
The risks reported by the individual companies are combined to form Operating Unit risk reports as part of a rigorous reporting process.
In February 2019, a further 13,674 no-par-value shares were issued for employees’ own investments under KEEP 2018.
As at 31 December 2019, the total nominal amount of the issued promissory notes was €1,310.0 mil-lion (2018: €1,210.0  million).
Linde and Dematic also jointly exhibited at the China International Import Expo (CIIE) in Shanghai.
In addition, foreign-currency forwards are employed to hedge the currency risks arising in the course of internal financing.
By contrast, it depreciated against the Chinese renminbi by 3.1 percent.
In cases where entitlements are not securities-linked, some of the KION Group’s pension obligations in Germany under closed plans are financed by way of CTAs.
They define the conduct expected of managers in the KION Group.
The KION Group mitigates potential research and development risks by systematically managing projects and processes.
So there is no comparison to what was published from that company.
The KION Group only uses derivatives to hedge underlying operational and financial transactions; they are not used for speculative purposes.
KION GROUP AG has no rights arising from the treasury shares that it holds (section 71b AktG).
Page 2   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Preliminary Full Year 2019 Update Call Transcription Anke Groth Yes, hello, to everybody.
The Group launched the Female Mentoring Program for its female managers in 2018.
The information and opinions contained in this Presentation do not purport to be comprehensive, are provided as at the date of the document and are subject to change without notice.
The settlement amount also includes cost increases identifiable as at the reporting date.
• STILL, a provider of forklift trucks, warehouse trucks, and intralogistics systems, drives innovation in its field and has a particular focus on the European market and Brazil.
There were also foreign tax loss car-ryforwards totaling €542.8 million (December 31, 2019: €498.6 million).
The primary intention is to offer these treasury shares to staff as part of the KION Employee Equity Program (KEEP).
[21] Equity-accounted investments The KION Group reported equity-accounted investments with a total carrying amount of €78.8 million as at December 31, 2020 (December 31, 2019: €84.5 million).
The 5Guarantee collaborative project is researching how 5G can be embedded in the Industrial Internet of Things.
For exam-ple, a series of features on employees who embody the values particularly well was expanded, as was a series of regular com-munications on the 2027 strategy and the values.
Other countries Furthermore, significant asset volumes are invested in external pension funds with restricted access in the US and Switzerland.
The total remuneration of the Executive Board comprises a non-performance-related salary, non-performance-related non-cash benefits, non-performance-related pension entitlements and performance-related (variable) remuneration.
This significant rise was mainly driven by the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, whose order intake grew by 40.9 percent year on year and even exceeded the pre-pandemic order levels of 2019.
Focusing on electric powered trucks and warehouse equipment, STILL offers highly efficient prod-ucts.
Information on corporate governance in the Group is published at www.kiongroup.com/Governance.
Employees (average)TABLE 11720192018Western Europe21,05120,116Eastern Europe3,0582,658Middle East and Africa144239North America3,1163,029Central and South America1,2611,246Asia-Pacific5,3725,236Total employees34,00232,524221KION GROUP AGNOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOther disclosuresAnnual Report 2019The members of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG are also related parties.
With global resources, nine production facilities worldwide, and regional teams of experts, Dematic is able to plan and deliver logistics solutions with varying degrees of complexity anywhere in the world.
In this context, the IMF also predicts that commodity prices will rise sharply, which would likely affect the purchase prices of the materials used by the KION Group.
The site will produce counterbalance trucks, including model series previously produced at sites in western Europe.
Significant influence is assumed when companies in the KION Group hold between 20 percent and 50 percent of the voting rights.
The range of measures was rounded off by provisions such as flu jabs, training on how to deal with jet lag and staying fit at the assembly line.
Despite a growth in service business amounting to 22%, revenue in the fourth quarter declined by 17% year-over-year to €836 million.
In particular, the ESEF report and our assurance opinion contained therein are to be used solely together with the examined ESEF documents made available in electronic form.
5 Service cost in accordance with IFRS (the service cost in accordance with the HGB is shown in the table Pension entitlements under HGB).
In addition, all KION Group employees as well as external stakeholders can use a 24/7 whistleblowing hotline to report potential compliance violations.
Building on our successful KION 2027 strategy, we were able to steer the KION Group through the pandemic relatively well in 2020 despite a business environment that was very difficult at times.
Expected business situation and financial performance of the KION GroupIn 2020, the KION Group aims to build on its successful perfor-mance in 2019 and, based on the forecasts for market growth, record a moderate increase in revenue.
They define the conduct expected of managers in the KION Group.
In addition, various initiatives were continued in 2023 that are aimed at reinforcing diversity in the Company.
The service business benefits from the growing number of installed systems.
Our responsibilities under those requirements and principles are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and of the Combined Management Report” section of our auditor’s report.
The restrictions on sales activities led to a 2.6 percent reduction in selling expenses.
In the second quarter of ‘22, free cashflow was negative at €159 million, which is a strong sequential improvement.
Český Krumlov  Czech Republic  14  100.0%  100.0%   121  STILL ČR spol.
Operator Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we will begin the question-and-answer session.
Our new highly auto-mated plant, the adjoining KION Value Competence Center and the expansion of our sales and service network will enable us to harness further potential in this important market and significantly strengthen our position.
de C.V.MonterreyMexico51 & 109100.00%100.00%81 DMTC Technology Services, S. de.
Around 80 percent of all Linde electric forklift trucks can currently be equipped with fuel cells.
Each year, the Exec-utive Board of KION GROUP AG decides whether there will be an offer made under the employee share option programme that year and which companies will participate.
The KION Group comprises the parent company KION GROUP AG, which is a public limited company under German law, and its subsidiaries.
In December 2022, its volume was extended by €385.7 million to €1,385.7 million.
The impairment test carried out in the fourth quarter of 2023 did not reveal any need to recognize impairment losses for the goodwill allocated to the KION ITS EMEA, KION ITS APAC, KION ITS Americas, and KION SCS CGUs.
The expected loss is immediately recognized as an expense in the period in which the loss becomes apparent.
They also take into account the statutory minimum coverage requirements and the amounts deductible under local tax rules.
This makes sustainability a task for all employees in the Group as well as our business partners.
Expected sectoral conditions In the KION Group’s view, the economic environment described above and the softening of the market in 2022 make it unlikely that the figures for the global material handling market in 2023 will match those achieved in 2022.
They complement each other, and they give the customer all the elements of the solution they’re looking for.
KION GROUP AG neither intends to nor assumes any separate obligation to update forward-looking statements or to change these to reflect events or developments that occur after the publication of this annual report.
And so we’ve decided to purchase a 20% stake in ifesca, which developed software for energy management.
The KION compliance department, the KION compli-ance team, and the KION compliance committee provide operational support to the aforementioned functions.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 175 Annual report 2023  Goodwill Goodwill has an indefinite useful life and is therefore not amortized.
Risks identified in relation to the existing contract portfolio are taken into account by prospectively adjusting the depreciation expense, impairment losses, or provisions.
The focus was once again on the production sites.
We’ve been making a shift towards software.
> TABLES 068 – 069The amounts in the tables are based on the share held by the KION Group in the relevant associate or joint venture.
Wages and salaries in line with the market The KION Group pays performance- and market-related remuneration, which is generally deter-mined by locally relevant competitive markets.
Another member of the Supervisory Board and Audit Committee, Ms. Alexandra Schädler, has the required expertise in auditing specified in section 100 (5) alt.
As was the case in the previous year, the Supervisory Board will take account of the auditors’ assessment in its own review of the 2019 non-financial Group report, which will take place in April 2020, i.e.
As at December 31, 2023, the changes in estimates relating to defined benefit pension entitlements resulted in a €58.7 million decrease in equity after deduction of deferred taxes (December 31, 2022: increase of €410.6 million).
Corporation-tax loss carryforwards amounting to €14.5 million (2022: €14.9 million) on which no deferred tax assets have been recognized will expire within the next six to nine years.
This had also been the case as at December 31, 2020.
The equity markets made an excellent start to 2023 thanks to positive corporate news and the end of the coronavirus pandemic.
An amount of €800.2 million was paid into the capital reserves.
Accelerating with sustainability We invest in sustainability, reflecting our commitment to a carbon-neutral future and our customers’ increased demand for green solutions.
A second group began the program in the reporting year.
The total value of order intake fell by 8.8 percent to €5,776.3 million (2019: €6,330.5 million).
Where this is the case, sensors that are not needed are switched off and motors are removed from the control loop, resulting in energy savings.
Pension provisions are reduced by the fair value of the plan assets used to cover the Group’s benefit obligations.
Diversity  In the reporting year, in addition to regular meetings, dedicated deep dive sessions on several sustainability related topics with the Boards and Board members were conducted.
At the meetings, the board members discuss measures and business that, under the Executive Board’s rules of procedure, must be approved by the full Executive Board.
I’d put in the picture also leasing.
As at 31 December 2022, the carrying value of receivables and assets under the lease agreements is mEUR 1,890.3 (11.4% of total assets) and mEUR 1,367.7 (8.3% of total assets), respectively.
The latter are a key component of customers’ e-commerce strategies, under which they are increasingly establishing smaller warehouses close to their retailers and end customers in order to be able to deliver to them as quickly as possible.
So, can you put a rough timeline around until when sort of this is changing to the better?
Our audit firm has applied the IDW Standard on Quality Management: Requirements for Quality Management in the Audit Firm (IDW QS 1).
Any goodwill arising from the acquisition of an associate or joint venture is included in the carrying amount of the investment in the associate or joint venture.
The KION Group can only achieve the tar-gets that it has formulated for itself in the KION 2027 strategy if it is an attractive and responsible employer that is able to retain competent and committed employees at all sites.
Accordingly, no reliance should be placed on any of the industry, market or competitive position data contained in this Presentation.
In 2019, around 19.8 per cent of the cost of materials for new trucks was directly influenced by changes in commodity prices (2018: around 25.5  per  cent).
Net cash provided by operating activities totaled €527.1 million, which was lower than the prior-year figure of €846.3 million, primarily because of the decline in EBIT.
We also launched the commercial production of our own hydrogen fuel cell systems for industrial trucks.
I am glad to say that we improved profitability in both our business segments and for KION.
Customers are able to choose a quiet, emission-free alternative for even the most challenging applications, without having to allow for any loss of performance.
In 2020, interest-rate risks arising on variable-rate tranches of the promissory note had been hedged by entering into a number of interest-rate swaps (cash flow hedge), thereby transforming the variable interest-rate exposure into fixed-rate obligations.
The income tax rates for foreign companies used in the calcula-tion of deferred taxes were between 9.0  per  cent and 34.0 per cent, as had also been the case in 2018.
It also forms part of this annual report and is a component of the combined management report.
For example, the organizational integration of acquired companies may actually harm the Group’s financial performance.
Warsaw  Poland  14  100.0%  100.0%   92  STILL POLSKA Sp.
We think there’s a lot of promise.
Landmark is one of the biggest retailers in the Middle East and in India.
Its remit is to deal with matters relating to Executive Board remuneration and the remuneration report that has to be prepared each year.
The Group’s order book amounted to €4,441.3 million as at December 31, 2020, a year-on-year rise of 22.3 percent (December 31, 2019: €3,631.7 million).
The corporate governance statement can be viewed and downloaded on the Company’s website.
Of this amount, €1,045 thousand (2019: €1,063 thousand) was attributable to fixed remuneration for activities carried out by the Supervisory Board.
107KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTDisclosures relevant to acquisitionsAnnual Report 2019Disclosures relevant to acquisitions,  section 315a and 289a HGB1.
Differences between the consideration paid for the acquisition of a non-controlling interest and the relevant proportion of the carrying amount of the subsidiary’s net assets are recognized in equity.
At the same time, the focus of technological progress is increasingly shifting towards software and robotics solutions.
Unless stated otherwise, the description of the course of business (including business performance), position, and expected development refers both to the Group and to KION GROUP AG.
The adjusted EBITDA margin decreased from 19.4  per  cent in 2018 to 18.8 per cent in 2019.
And I think that’s an element, of course, on how much revenue comes out of that backlog on any given year.
In terms of the environment, we are directing our attention to climate protection and to the circular economy in our value chain.
The KION Group’s employer brands are very important in this regard.
In the SCS segment, the precisely specified system com-ponents for each customer project are primarily manufactured in-house but also partly by qualified third-party sup-pliers approved by KION.
The gains/losses on financial investments re-late to the remeasurement of the equity investments Shanghai Quicktron Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd, Zhejiang EP Equipment Co., Ltd., and Balyo SA at fair value (FVOCI category under IFRS 9).
For internal management purposes, the KION Group has divided its operating business into two operating segments that correspond to the operating segments as required by international financial reporting standards (IFRS 8).
When liabilities from procurement leases are initially measured, the lease payments not yet made are discounted at an interest rate implicit in the lease.
It was praised not only for its high level of productivity, quietness, and flexibility but also for the low operating costs and low mainte-nance costs of the electric drive.
Changes to these requirements and standards are analyzed on an ongoing basis and taken into account as appropriate.
The KION Group employees decisively shape the efforts for sustainability and bring them to life.
Current lease receivables from end customers increased as at December 31, 2023 as a result of the growth in new business.
In sale and leaseback sub-leases, risks and rewards incidental to the head lease are, in general, substantially borne by entities in the KION Group.
This rise was primarily due to the increase in the provision for short-term incentives and share-based remuneration.
For such classification, the assets or disposal groups must be available for immediate sale in their present condition and their sale must be highly probable.
The 2017 Authorization has not been used so far.
If these funding instruments were to be terminated, the KION Group would need to agree new financing, probably on less favorable terms.
So all of those normal measures through providing enough face masks and disinfectant materials, especially to our Chinese employees, that has been going on for weeks now.
By contrast, the pace of expansion in the developed economies – including the eurozone – will remain at the low level achieved in 2019.
KION GROUP AG 280 Annual report 2020 German public auditor responsible for the engagement The German Public Auditor responsible for the engagement is Kirsten Gräbner-Vogel.
Initial value of the KION share (60-days average)  €94.32  €71.20 Initial value of the MDAX (60-days average)  34,820.06 pts.
The related parties that are solely or jointly controlled by the KION Group or over which significant influence can be exercised are included in the list of shareholdings as at December 31, 2023 (see note [48]).
EBIT adjusted for non-recurring items and purchase price allocation effects (adjusted EBIT) decreased to €292.4 million (2021: €841.8 million).
The employees of KION GROUP AG and its subsidiaries are made aware of the problem of possible conflicts of interest as part of compliance training and are bound by rules on how to behave in the event of actual or potential conflicts of interest.
The KION Group does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect subsequently occurring events or circumstances.
Our responsibilities in this context are further described in the “Group Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the ESEF Documents” section.
The KION Group’s supply chain is global.
In addition, the KION Group uses amortizing payer interest-rate swaps in the same currency to hedge the risk of a change in the fair value of certain lease receivables.
China saw its growth drop from 8.4 percent to 3.0 percent due to the rapid spread of coronavirus in the country and the strict lockdowns that were imposed to contain it.
In contrast with the evaluations of other types of risk, the risk-mitigating effects of the measures that have been taken are already factored in.
The change in the cost of sales and in other functional costs is shown in the following table.
Basis for audit opinionsWe conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined management report in accordance with Section 317 HGB and the EU Audit Regulation (No.
3.3 Self-assessment by the Supervisory Board The Supervisory Board regularly assesses the effectiveness of its work and that of its committees (self-assessment), with support from an external advisor if required.
Conse-quently, risk officers supported by risk managers have been appointed for each company and each division.
By contrast, revenue generated from external customers in the Supply Chain Solutions segment fell by 21.7 percent.
Gains and losses arising from the disposal of interests are also recognized in equity, provided there is no change in control.
Further details on the KEEP Employee Equity Program can be found in note [46].
The Nomination Committee’s task is to propose candidates for the election of shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board to the Company’s Annual General Meeting.
If the reason for an impairment loss recognized in prior years no longer applies, the relevant pro rata impairment losses are reversed, but subject to a limit such that the carrying amount of the asset is no higher than its amortized cost.
We are ensuring that our customers have a crucial  competitive edge.
The focus was on the prerequisites for both organic growth and growth by acquisition in order to satisfy the rapidly rising demand for the products of the SCS segment.
Since the financial year 2013, the Company has been a public interest entity within the meaning of Section 319a (1) Sentence 1 HGB.
The adjusted EBIT margin improved to 1.5 percent (2022: minus 1.2 percent).
The gross margin was substantially lower than in the previous year owing to the relatively small volume increase in the high-margin service business, higher material prices, and inefficiencies resulting from supply and resource bottlenecks.
6a HGB in conjunction with GAS 17  4,190  3,180      2,212  1,683      1 Non-performance related, non-cash remuneration and other benefits include expenses and / or benefits in kind, such as the use of a company car and housing costs.
Other intangible assets Other purchased intangible assets with a finite useful life are carried at historical cost less all accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.
The Supply Chain Solutions segment (Dematic) was the biggest provider in the global market for warehouse automation in terms of revenue in 2021.
Every year, the Executive Board also publishes a dependency report in line with the relevant requirements that is reviewed by the Supervisory Board and the statutory auditors.
But specifically, for Performance Excellence, it's the establishment of a shared service center in Poland.
For long-term construction contracts in the Supply Chain Solutions segment, services that have already been rendered are deducted from the total value of the contract with the customer.
These personnel expenses included wages and sal-aries of €1,817.6 million (2019: €1,820.6 million), social security contributions of €396.7 million (2019: €398.7 million), and expenses for pensions of €86.6 million (2019: €73.5 million).
This amount still included liabilities of €43.2 million (December 31, 2020: €94.2 million) related to sale and leaseback sub-lease transactions entered into up to December 31, 2017.
Single-step leases are classified as finance leases or operating leases within the meaning of IFRS 16.
These essentially reflected impairment losses recognized on assets in connection with business in Russia, although these were partly offset by a boost to earnings from plan adjustments that affected defined benefit obligations.
For this purpose, oppor-tunities and risks for business activities as well as positive and negative effects of the company’s activities on the environment and society in particular were taken into consideration.
The KION Group’s annual report is also available here, both as a PDF file and as an interactive online version.
Appropri­ate precautions have been taken to ensure that this role at a parent 35KION GROUP AGCORPORATE GOVERNANCECorporate governance reportAnnual Report 2019company of the Company does not create a conflict of interest relating personally to Mr Riske.
Page 18   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call Transcription Gael de Bray Okay.
>  TABLES 113 – 114 show information on the KION Group’s operating segments for 2019 and 2018.
Budget planning, major acquisitions, or capital expenditure, for example, require the consent of the Supervisory Board.
Share-based remuneration obligations rose by €36.5 million to €58.9 million in the year under review owing to the significantly higher valuation of the performance shares compared with the previous year (see note [46]).
Each operating unit has a full-time Compliance Officer who reports directly to the Chief Compliance Officer and supports the management of the operating unit in imple-menting compliance requirements.
The KION Group considers itself a global supplier with intercultural expertise.
KION GROUP AG has a syndicated revolving credit facility (RCF) with a total volume of €1,385.7 million.
Seven of these had already been implemented by the start of 2020.
After deduction of cash and cash equivalents, net debt amounted to €1,698.8  million (2018: €1,960.4 million).
The Executive Board member remains in his role as President KION ITS APAC but has handed over responsibility for the Americas region in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment to Michael Larsson.
The Audit Committee and Supervisory Board each discussed the report ex-tensively, in both cases in the presence of the auditors.
The price of Brent crude oil, which had surged in 2022, normalized.
99KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTOutlook, risk report and opportunity reportAnnual Report 2019Market risks and competition risksMarket risksMarket risk can arise when the economy as a whole or a par-ticular sector does not perform as well as had been anticipated in the outlook.
All other components of pension expenses are recognised under func-tional costs.
To this end, the KION Group uses a wide range of instruments and measures to ensure that there is always a sufficient number of highly qualified, hard-working employees at all levels of its operations.
However, the KION Group believes that the probability of occurrence for such risk and the level of risk will remain unchanged in 2023 compared with the prior year.
Right-of-use assets related to procurement leases were up moderately compared with the end of the previous year, standing at €543.5 million as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: €513.6 million).
On July 6, 2023, the Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG also appointed Christian Harm as a member of the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG and as the new Chief Financial Officer (CFO) for a term of three years.
So look at it this way, please, Jorge.
Further information on sensitivity analysis in relation to the impact of the discount rate and details of measurement can be found in the information on the retirement benefit obligation in note [28].
Independent external reviews are conducted to provide additional quality assurance.
The coronavirus pandemic caused consumers to shift toward online shopping, resulting in compa-nies having to reorganize their supply chains with omnichannel approaches.
The KION Group also entered into a strategic partnership with Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. (Li-Cycle), a key player in resource recovery from lithium-ion batteries.
The sustainability field of action will be a particular focus going forward so that the Company can drive sustainability in logistics through the use of alternative and environmentally compatible energy sources.
Inventories Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realizable value.
This was primarily due to the fact that fixed costs fell at a disproportionately low rate compared to the reduction in the volume of business.
Cost of sales The cost of sales comprises the cost of goods sold and services rendered, costs arising from project business contracts, and revenue-related costs from the lease and short-term rental business.
The Supervisory Board has the task of examining and deciding whether to approve the consolidated financial statements.
I’m also interested to know how this backlog compares to the current picture if we should take into account -- I don’t know -- more share of APAC, and that could imply lower or slightly lower margins.
Product innovation also helped the segment to further strengthen its position in the most promising functional areas of warehouse automation, for example micro-fulfilment solutions.
Currency developments also had some adverse effects on revenue.
Deferred taxes are determined on the basis of the tax rates that will apply at the recovery date, or have been announced, in accordance with the current legal situation in each country concerned.
In China, we have introduced new products, and that is also helping outperform in China.
The decrease in derivative financial instruments was primarily attributable to interest-rate swaps and to falls in the yield curves used for measurement in the currency areas relevant to the KION Group (see note [42]).
Payments made for interest portions and principal portions under procurement leases totaled minus €157.9 million (2022: minus €151.7 million).
This package is mainly focused on strengthening the supplier network, taking measures to enhance operational and commercial agility, improving risk management, and managing the implementation of projects in the SCS segment more efficiently.
The classification of leases requires estimates to be made regarding the transferred and retained risks and rewards in con-nection with ownership of the industrial truck.
To this end, we examined the current cost reports and project calculations taking into account the customer contracts with respect to the percentage of completion of the selected projects.
In view of the vaccination rate now achieved and the comprehensive hygiene and contact tracing measures put in place, significant chains of infection within the workforce continue to be seen as fairly unlikely.
As well as direct costs, these also include relevant overheads.
The separate financial statements of KION GROUP AG, the consolidated financial statements of the KION Group and the combined management report are published within 90 days of the end of the financial year to which they relate.
Rob Smith Well, let’s talk about that, too, Martin.
It is therefore no surprise that sustainability aspects such as energy consumption and GHG emissions have become decisive purchasing criteria.
The risks that have been reported are reviewed on a quarterly basis and re-assessed until the reason for reporting a risk no longer exists or the risk has been mitigated.
Based on the final outcome of its own review, the Supervisory Board did not raise any objections to the Executive Board’s decla-ration at the end of the dependency report.
As at 31 December 2019, the outstanding balance of the AFA, which has a variable interest rate and matures in October 2021, was thus €200.0 mil-77KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTReport on the economic positionAnnual Report 2019lion.
Revenue remained at high levels, above the €2 billion mark, supported by last year’s price increases as well as by the favorable material availability, allowing a high production run rate.
The results are factored into the continuous improvement of the HSE standards of the units.
This means you are changing the way you are doing leases.
In 2020, there had also been interest-rate swaps entered into in order to hedge the interest-rate risk arising on variable-rate financial liabilities (cash flow hedges).
A contract liability is a company’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the company has received consideration.
Page 30   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2022 Update Call Transcription  Secondly, obviously, you’re spot on.
For sale and lease back sublease contracts concluded until and including 31 December 2017, an asset and a lease liability is accounted for taking advantage of the right of continuance specified in IFRS 16.
By investing in new locations and expanding existing ones, products can be assembled nearer to the markets in which they are to be sold, economies of scale can be achieved across the Group, and synergies can be leveraged.
I will begin with the financial and strategic highlights for the full year 2019 followed by a market update.
Long-term leases are primarily arranged on a fixed-interest basis.
This can be done anonymously if they so wish.
It has a total volume of €100.0 million (December 31, 2022: €575.0 million).
Single-step leases are classified as finance leases or operating leases within the meaning of IFRS 16.
Each share confers one vote in the voting at the Annual General Meeting.
Muted customer demand in the long-term project business (business solutions) in the preceding quarters was the main reason for the sharp decline in revenue in the year under review.
Growth was especially strong in the EMEA and Americas, which were among the regions worst affected by the coronavirus pandemic last year.
The comparative figures for the prior year were determined on the same basis.
As illustrated in the graph at the bottom, this year’s free cash flow development does not follow the typical seasonal pattern.
In October 2021, the KION Group acquired a minority stake in ifesca GmbH, based in Ilmenau, Germany, which means it will be able to offer customers a fully integrated AI-based solution for energy management in the future.
The total carrying amount for liabilities in connection with share-based remuneration was €4.9 million as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: €58.9 million).
The Chief Executive Officer has a casting vote in the event of a tied vote.
Wiener Neudorf  Austria  EMEA  100.00%  114   114  STILL Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung  Hamburg  Germany  EMEA  100.00%  83   115  STILL Intern Transport B.V.  Hendrik-Ido- Ambacht  Netherlands  EMEA  100.00%  114   116  STILL Kft.
We don’t see a specific mix change between internal combustion and E. But what I would point out to you is you see we’ve got 87%, almost 90% of our order intake is electric.
Dedicated training on the ABC Policy was also introduced via a Group-wide digital learning platform in 2021 as well as training on the Conflicts of Interest Policy in 2022.
In 2020, around 20.2 percent of the cost of materials for new trucks in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment was directly influenced by changes in commodity prices (2019: around 19.8 percent).
Failure of critical systems, disruption of production and the ability to deliver to customers, and the loss or release into the public domain of data are among the potential consequences of these attacks.
As at 31 December 2019, the unused portion of the revolving credit facility stood at €1,150.0  million (2018: €1,048.2  million).
It should be noted that, on average, the unit price for warehouse trucks is considerably lower than for counterbalance trucks.
The present value of the defined benefit obligation in respect of Executive Board members as at December 31, 2020 was €11.5 million  (December 31, 2019: €10.9 million).
Nevertheless, the individual activities could create positive effects that exceed expectations.
they are recognized on the day they are received and derecognized on the day of delivery.
In ad-dition, various initiatives were continued in 2020 that are aimed at increasing diversity in the Com-pany.
Differences between the consideration paid for the acquisition of a non-controlling interest and the relevant proportion of the carrying amount of the subsidiary’s net assets are recognized in equity.
The Supervisory Board would like to take this opportunity to thank the members of the Executive Board and all employees of the KION Group for their actions and accomplishments in 2022.
Initially limited to Germany, the program was then rolled out to more countries.
Provisions with a maturity of more than twelve months are discounted using the standard market interest rate.
And it takes about 3 to 5 months for the different material costs to flow through our P&L.
So I just wanted to double check that China unit and market unit's been down for the year is the base case that's embedded in your guidance.
In October 2022, the Supervisory Board appointed Valeria Gargiulo to the newly created role of Chief People & Sustainability Officer (CPSO).
Order intake is a leading indicator for future revenue.
The Audit Committee, in particular, monitored the development and implementation of the package of measures and supported the Executive Board in an advisory capacity.
Customers are increasingly demanding solutions for environmentally friendly supply chains, primarily electric trucks.
Order intake rose by 1.9% to €6.3 billion in full year 2019 and to €1.8 billion in Q4 2019, which represents a growth rate of 1.7%.
The assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries, including goodwill, are translated at the middle spot exchange rate, i.e.
In 2022, the non-recurring items for the Industrial Trucks & Services segment amounted to an expense of €42.8 million and mainly consisted of the impairment losses recognized on business in Russia in an amount of €32.4 million.
To help it do this, the KION Group has put in place a comprehensive compliance management system, centering around the KION Group Code of Compliance.
Bhd., Petaling Jaya, MalaysiaChairman of the Board of Directors of Linde Material Handling (Thailand) Co., Ltd., Pathum Thani, ThailandMember of the Board of Directors of Linde Material Handling Pty.
EBIT margin-20.8%-1.6%0.9%1.1%2.2%+2,300bp+110bpKION GROUP AG | Q3 2023 Update Call | 26 October 2023KION Group improves profitability for the fourth consecutive quarterKION Group – Key Financials91.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our third quarter update call.
These estimates are primarily based on empirical values and prices in used truck markets.
To coincide with the publication of the 2019 annual report on March 3, 2020, the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG held a financial statements press conference and conference call to explain the results.
You’re asking about customers’ behavior and rising running costs.
Cash and cash equivalents fell by €151.9 million to €48.1 million as at the reporting date.
Sustainability and electrification are among the main driving factors in the market for industrial trucks and services.
In accordance with its articles of association, the Company is represented by two members of the Executive Board or by one member of the Executive Board acting conjointly with a Prokurist (person with full commercial power of representation).
The total carrying amount for liabilities in connection with share-based remuneration was €12.5 million as at 31 December 2019 (2018: €7.7 million).
Owing to the KION Group’s export focus, legal risk and reputational risk arise due to the numerous international and local export controls that apply.
This upturn was driven by the increase in revenue combined with a relatively moderate rise in functional costs, by the improvement in net interest expense, and by positive non-recurring items in relation to defined benefit obligations resulting from plan adjustments.
And very importantly, do not forget, if components were available sufficiently, we could have shown higher revenues and EBIT in the third quarter as well as in our year-to-date.
Given that the 2019 EBIT level, you know the earnings level is not too different from where consensus is, I'm not sure I understand what the sort of reason was for the prerelease.
By contrast, the Supply Chain Solutions segment increased its revenue in the European markets.
In addition, foreign-currency forwards are employed to hedge the currency risks arising in the course of internal financing.
They do this by creating suitable working environments for people with disabilities, sup-porting reintegration into the workforce and facilitating continued employment in the event of physical disability.
As you know, I took over as the new CEO of KION GROUP AG a little more than two months ago.
It is the ratio of adjusted EBIT to capital employed as at the reporting date and is calculated annually.
Actually, if you look at the GDP next year, all the GDP is expected to be positive next year, however not as high as this year.
In 2019, revenue came to €1,700.5 million in Germany (2018: €1,533.2 million), €1,604.6 million in the US (2018: €1,422.5 mil-lion) and €1,056.6 million in France (2018: €951.7 million).
Of the contract assets recognised as at 1 January 2019, €91.5 million was billed in 2019 (2018: €88.1  million).
The KPIs used to manage the segments are order intake, revenue, and adjusted EBIT.
These products are aimed at reducing injuries to operators and damage to goods and infrastructure.
The risk of supply bottlenecks – for example in the event of a shortage of raw materials or financial difficulties at core sup-pliers – cannot be ruled out in future, despite an easing of the situation on the supplier side.
His previous role of chairman of the Audit Committee was taken over by Dr. Nicolas Peter.
The amounts for Ms Groth and Ms Schneeberger also contain a one-off compensation payment in 2018 (€314 thousand for Ms Groth, €328 thousand for Ms Schneeberger).
As part of the Sustainability Steering Committee, the sustainability action field leads, the sustaina-bility coordinators of the Operating Units and central sustainability management ensure that the sustainability program is uniform across the Group, continually enhanced and further implemented.
As was the case in the previous year, the Supervisory Board will take account of the auditors’ assessment in its own review of the 2022 non-financial Group report, which will take place in April 2023, i.e.
And as a basis for the call, we’d like to use our Q3 2021 presentation.
However, the Company's sensitivity analysis indicated a reasonably possible change in the profit margin or the long-term growth rate would lead to the value in use of the Supply Chain Solutions operating segment being impaired.
The carrying amounts of these financial instruments are roughly equal to their fair values.
Owing to the KION Group’s export focus, legal risk and reputational risk arise due to the numerous international and local export controls that apply.
In the QBIIK project, sponsored by the German Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy (BMWi), a mobile robot autonomously stocks the manufacturing supermarket of a company in the automotive industry.
Gordon has mentioned the fabulous 12XX, which we have brought into the market, which is the first derivative.
The first bond placed on the capital markets under this program had a total volume of €500.0 million and a maturity date in 2025.
• Demographic change is resulting in a shortage of workers.
KION GROUP AG incurred tax expenses of €50.6 million as a result of its role as the parent company of the tax group in 2021 (2020: €19.4 million).
The discretionary performance multiple for Ms. Schneeberger has already been set to 1.0 for 2020.
The year in which the term of office begins is not included in this calculation.
In 2021, KION GROUP AG and the consolidated subsidiaries that reported losses for 2021 or 2020 recognized net deferred tax assets on temporary differences, loss carryforwards, and tax credits totaling €24.1 million (2020: €27.6 million).
The new truck business saw a particularly sharp fall of 18.3 percent in 2020.
At the discretion of the Executive Board, the shares may be purchased through the stock exchange, by way of a public purchase offer made to all shareholders, or by way of a public invitation to shareholders to tender their shares.
Featuring the Dematic brand, this segment is primarily involved in customer-specific, longer-term project business.
The rights and obligations arising out of the shares are defined by legal provisions.
The council focuses on raising awareness of these issues among managers and employees around the world, on developing and coordinating relevant initiatives, and on monitoring the implementation of these.
In return, €20.5 million of the fixed-rate tranche of the promissory note from 2018 was repaid ahead of schedule.
Page 24   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q3 2021 Update Call Transcription  And then the second one is on the additional trucks order book.
As in the first quarter, our free cash flow was impacted by substantially higher working capital requirements.
Our strength lies in listening to customers, understanding their problems and finding individually tailored solutions for their complex requirements.
The right measures are still being assessed in order to meet this aim.
New, unforeseen regulatory initiatives could be launched, for example the tightening of health and safety regulations or emissions standards, that would push up demand for products offered by the KION Group brands.
The appointment of the two new Executive Board members and the early succession planning for the CTO role have paved the way for an effective and experienced Executive Board team.
Further details on the KEEP Employee Equity Program can be found in note [46].
And in doing so we are continually strengthening our market position.
greater than 15 percent in total quantity, are marked in the appropriate places.
The company pursues a ‘Pre-vent – Detect – Respond’ approach to meet this high standard.
Executive BoardThe Executive Board of KION GROUP AG was responsible for the operational management of the KION Group in 2019 and its five members remained unchanged during the reporting period.
This involves detailed evaluation of the risks when defining the technical aspects of quotations plus financial risk provisioning based on the individual project specifications when preparing quotations.
The level of sales risk and the probability of occurrence for such risk are therefore both regarded as lower for 2022 than for 2021.
This consists of the reclassification of the accumulated gains and losses on remeasurement to Retained earnings within equity.
However, these non-GAAP measures should be considered only in addition to, but not in isolation or as a substitute for, the information prepared in accordance with IFRS.
The amount of deferred tax assets recognized in the statement of financial position decreased to €300.8 million as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: €449.3 million).
Outside of the formal meetings, informal working sessions took place to prepare for upcoming resolutions and related complex issues, such as remuneration.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 127 Annual report 2023  Risk report Risk strategy The business activities of the KION Group necessarily involve risk.
And a follow up to that is that, what are the KPIs that needs to fulfill before you book an order?
The fair To our shareholders  Corporate governance statement  Combined management report  Consolidated financial statements  Notes to the  consolidated financial  statements  Additional information   KION GROUP AG 232 Annual report 2020  value of interest-rate swaps was calculated as the present value of the future cash flows.
The actual amount of taxable income in future periods – and hence the actual utilization of tax loss carryforwards and interest carryforwards – may be different from the estimates made when the corresponding deferred tax assets were recognized.
In the direct lease business, industrial trucks with a carrying amount of €1,199.4 million (December 31, 2022: €1,077.3 million) were provided to customers for their use.
The shareholder representatives are elected by the Annual General Meeting by simple majority.
Petaling Jaya  Malaysia  104  100.0%  100.0%   80  Dematic Logistics de Mexico S. de R.L.
In particular, they may be offered, promised, and transferred to the members of the Company’s Executive Board.
Furthermore, the increasing automation of warehouses is pushing up demand for industrial trucks with an electric drive.
His global background, operating on four continents over his career, equips him to drive and grow the business in our diverse markets.
APMs are used both internally for management purposes and externally for communicating and reporting to a range of stakeholders.
The audit programme in particular is focused on this in an attempt to encourage continuous improvements to the situation at the individual locations.
However, the KION Group is not expecting any of these existing legal proceedings to have a material impact on its financial position or financial performance.
It is responsible for engaging the independent auditors, determining the focus of the audit, and agreeing the fee.
The Executive Board’s authorization from the Annual General Meeting relating to the fully exhausted 2017 Authorized Capital expired on May 10, 2022.
Revenue for the project business-related customer contracts is recognised in line with the corresponding period unless there is an alternative possibility of use and right to payment of the services already rendered.
As part of the ongoing evaluation by external independent auditors and rating agencies, the KION Group’s sustainability performance was reaffirmed in 2022.
taking account of shareholders, customers, employees, and other stakeholders with the aim of creating sustainable added value.
Intra-group transactions are generally conducted on an arm’s-length basis.
Upon initial recognition, financial assets in the AC category are carried at fair value including directly attributable transaction costs.
Currency effects in relation to cash and cash equivalents amounted to minus €5.0 million (2022: €2.1 million).
It achieves this both through its own resources and through partnerships.
Categorization of opportunities ‘Opportunities’ are understood as positive deviations from the expectations set out in the outlook relating to the economic situation and the KION Group’s business situation.
Further disclosures on treasury shares can be found in the notes to the financial statements of KION GROUP AG.
Residual values in the markets for used trucks are therefore constantly monitored and forecast.
Thus, the leverage on our industrial net debt increased to 2.3x vs 2.2x at the end of last year.
Due to the ongoing potential for further waves of coronavirus, the KION Group rigorously kept up its measures aimed at preventing the spread of infection at the sites.
The capital increase took effect when its implementation was entered in the commercial register at the Frankfurt am Main local court under HRB 112163 on December 7, 2020.
Page 6   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2019 Update Call Transcription   North America, KION declined by minus 21.7% in Q4.
The transaction is not recognized in the 2020 annual report.
The products and services of sub-sidiaries in the KION Group have to comply with the specific legal requirements in their respective markets.
The KION Group HSE Standard provides further details for local action for entities, partially going beyond national legislation.
In the case of cash flow hedges for hedging currency risk, derivatives are used to hedge future cash flow risks from highly probable future transactions and firm commitments not reported in the statement of financial position.
And they say it’s stable versus the previous quarter, I assume.
Statements in the Presentation, including those regarding the possible or assumed future or other performance of the Company and its affiliates or its industry or other trend projections, constitute forward-looking statements.
For sale and lease back sublease contracts concluded until and including 31 December 2017, an asset and a lease liability is accounted for taking advantage of the right of continuance specified in IFRS 16.
Such changes can also have an effect on the tax assets and tax liabilities that have been or will be recognized in the statement of financial position and on any deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities to be recognized.
The re-classifications also take account of the fact that the volume of liabilities resulting from these trans-actions has been falling steadily over time.
These trends were driven mainly by the fact that businesses were much less willing to invest in the face of heightened risks related to the geopolitical situation and trade policy.
And yet the KION Group was able to keep the effects of these difficult conditions in check, outperform the market as a whole and strengthen its own market position thanks to the fantastic efforts of the entire workforce.
Free cash flow describes the cash flow that is available to pay dividends and interest and to repay liabilities.
Non-compliance with the covenants or with the defined maximum level of leverage as at a particular reporting date may give lenders a right of termination or lead to an increase in interest payments.
We examined the data inputs made in the financial year in the individual component areas for accuracy directly in the oper-ating entities on a sample basis in the form of mathematical and statistical methods and extrapolated any identified devia-tions to the corresponding basic population.
The KION Group regularly assesses its aggregate risk position arising from the lease business.
Detailed rules are included in the KION Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy (ABC Policy), the KION Group Guidelines on avoiding conflicts of interest (updated in 2022) and the KION Group Donations and Sponsorship Policy (Table 33).
At €568.0 million, net income greatly exceeded the figure for 2020 (€210.9 million) and was also higher than in 2019.
Project business contracts with a net debit balance due to customers are reported under contract liabilities, as are advances received from customers.
Remeasurement of the investment of 21.0 percent previously held resulted in a fair value of €3.7 million.
The supervisory board is responsible for overseeing the preparation of the ESEF documents as part of the financial reporting process.
The information and opinions contained in this Presentation do not purport to be comprehensive, are provided as at the date of the document and are subject to change without notice.
Participating employees acquire KION shares for their own invest-ment purposes.
It is also possible that a partner will collaborate with competitors if exclusivity agreements are not in place.
Because macroeconomic conditions deteriorated considerably in 2020 as a result of the coronavirus pan-demic, the market outlook continues to be very uncertain.
Executive Board members’ individual performance is also taken into account in the multiple-year variable remuneration.
The commercial paper program was increased by €250.0 million to €750.0 million in April 2022.
The impairment test carried out in the fourth quarter of 2020 did not reveal any need to recognize impairment losses for the goodwill allocated to the LMH EMEA, STILL EMEA, KION APAC, KION Americas, and Dematic CGUs.
The tax risks have been newly added to the risk matrix and are regarded as low both in terms of their level of risk and probability of occurrence.
We do easy plus or minus 3% of R&D, and we do that on an increasing revenue base.
If they are financed using variable-rate instruments, interest-rate derivatives are entered into in order to hedge the interest-rate risk.
During the quarter, we successfully managed to limit the net increase of semifinished trucks going into inventory to less than 200 units versus around 4,000 incremental units in the first quarter.
At the same time, the lease object is also rented out under a sublease contract to the consumer; • Indirect consumer financing: The (lease) object is sold to a finance partner, who rents it out to a consumer.
His or her remit includes the definition and implementation of standards to ensure that risks are captured and evaluated.
The fair values of identifiable assets are determined using appropriate valuation techniques.
The liquidity line had a volume of €1.0 billion and a term of twelve months.
These include taking comprehensive precautions to create a safe working environment and ensuring employees know how to avoid risks and accidents.
The segment is progressively working through its order book, which means that most of these positive price effects will not materialize until the second half of the year.
The KION Group aims to train all its employees regularly on the most critical topics (anti-corruption, avoiding conflicts of inter-est, competition law, anti-money laundering, data protection, IT security and human rights).
Obviously, on the equipment side, you now have almost like a year of lead times and was just wondering if you see any scope for discussions with clients about the pricing of the backlog.
KION GROUP AG’s Supervisory Board had five standing committees in the reporting year.
The current low level of profitability for KION is not satisfying, and we’re taking actions to address this.
The gross proceeds from the capital increase came to €602.9  million.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management re-port.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the executive directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
The standing committees have each drawn up rules of procedure that define their tasks and working methods.
As 31.25 percent of its members are female (five of 16), the Supervisory Board meets the statutory requirements regarding gender representation on supervisory boards pursuant to section 96 (2) AktG.
You know that warehouse trucks individually are smaller machines in many cases, and certainly, the counterbalance trucks in that mix are more expensive machines.
Energy The KION Group continually develops its products and solutions so that its customers are able to use energy as efficiently and sustainably as possible.
The option to stipulate a larger majority than a simple majority in any other cases has not been exercised in the articles of association.
Since October 4, 2021, KION GROUP AG has had a new syndicated revolving credit facility (RCF) with a total volume of €1,000.0 million.
After deduction of cash and cash equivalents, the resulting net debt amounted to €721.8 million (December 31, 2020: €1,009.5 million).
The capital increase took effect when its implementation was entered in the commercial register at the Wiesbaden local court under HRB 27060 on 23 May 2017.
Executive Board The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG is responsible for the operational management of the KION Group.
They also help to improve transportation qual-ity, reliability, and productivity.
In addition, three new collaborative projects got under way in 2021.
Beyond 2022, the KION Group expects to see long-term market growth in the new truck business of around 4 percent.
The Americas region (North, Central, and South America) registered a small decrease in orders of 0.1 percent.
As a result, the KION Group is in a position to ascertain at an early stage whether market trends, competitive trends or events within the Group require individual areas of opportunity to be re-evaluated.
Variable elements are included in the transaction price only if it is highly unlikely that the revenue that has already been recognized will subsequently be cancelled.
It also forms part of this annual report and is a component of the combined management report.
However, customer orders secured in 2022 at the higher sales prices did not yet have a significant impact on segment revenue owing to the long delivery times.
The contractually agreed interest terms for the revolving credit facility are linked to KION GROUP AG’s credit rating and to compliance with the Group’s sustainability KPIs.
During the further waves of the virus in 2021, the KION Group implemented measures at all sites in order to prevent the spread of infection and enhanced them as needed, depending on the local situation.
The KION Group anticipates that the global market for industrial trucks will remain fairly flat this year in view of the ongoing geopolitical uncertainties and the expected economic volatility.
The KION Group believes that considering both sets of factors in the round will be instrumental to its success in achieving the objectives of the KION 2027 strategy.
Revenue reached €7.5 billion, up 26%, and adjusted EBIT almost doubled, reaching €691 million, representing a margin of 9.2%, and free cash flow for the group ended up at a positive €135 million.
The KION Group maintains a liquidity reserve in the form of agreed and confirmed credit lines and cash in order to ensure long-term financial flexibility and solvency.
At the time that this combined management report was prepared, all known risks were reflected in the outlook for 2024 with their gross risk level and expected probability of occurrence.
Remuneration The remuneration paid to the Executive Board comprises a fixed salary and non-cash benefits, pension entitlements, and performance-related components.
We expect to have diversity in our Executive Board post conclusion of the search as well.
At the same time, the lease object is also rented out under a sublease contract to the consumer; • Indirect consumer financing: The (lease) object is sold to a finance partner, who rents it out to a consumer.
Otherwise the executive directors are responsible for the other information.
The tax rate remained at the high level that we have seen in quarter 2 and is impacted by temporary effects.
This item also includes liabilities for personnel measures in connection with the capacity and structural program initiated in the EMEA region.
This planning is based on assumptions derived from external economic research studies and sectoral studies relating to future conditions in the global economy and to future sector-specific conditions in the global material handling market.
There could be more M&A needed in the SCS division to help with competitiveness there.
It will be the only original equipment manufacturer thus far to produce these systems itself.
The figure for non-recurring items in 2019 had included expenses for restructuring and reorganization-related measures under the KION 2027 strategy.
Introduction Sustainability management People Products  Processes About this  report Annex  KION GROUP AG 35 Sustainability Report 2022 In addition, there are the employment-related principles and rights set out in the eight fundamental labor conventions of the International Labour Organization (ILO).
Other information The executive directors and/or the supervisory board are responsible for the other information.
All sites are scheduled to be certified to ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 by 2024.
Interest expense from the leasing and short-term rental businesses, which totaled €53.3 million (2019: €57.6 million), was attributable both to liabilities from financing the direct and indirect leasing business and to liabilities from financing the short-term rental fleet.
And it allows our customers to shift capex into opex.
We are investing in our innovation pipeline to deliver the next generation of sustainable technologies.
Of the relevant market volume, the KION Group estimates that around 60 percent is attributable to revenue from industrial trucks and related services, which play an important role in maintaining global and regional production and supply chains in all sectors.
If the Company fails to do this, its technological and competitive position could be compromised in the long term.
It is based on the ISO 14001, ISO 45001, and other standards and covers the KION Group’s production facilities as well as sales, service, and installations.
And we also haven't seen, of course, up until now customers dropping out of the pipeline.
The focus is on increasing the efficiency of energy grids by means of peak power management, thereby avoiding expensive spikes in electricity consumption when electric forklift trucks are charging.
Any donation or sponsorship must now be checked and approved in advance by the compli-ance department.
This is, of course, also impacted by the higher net working capital needs.
They can also materialise as secondary risks resulting from the aforementioned procurement risks.
Český Krumlov  Czech Republic  14  100.0%  100.0%   120  Linde Pohony s.r.o.
These counterparty risks did not change significantly in 2019.
Reducing the amount of energy consumption and substituting current energy sources with carbon neutral alternatives where pos-sible have thus also been identified as the key levers in minimising its impact on climate change.
Deferred taxes are recognized on deductible temporary differences and on tax loss carryforwards and interest carryforwards to the extent that taxable temporary differences exist or that it is probable that sufficient taxable income will be available in the future.
Consequently, they involve a number of risks and uncertainties.
Further geopolitical tensions and global economic uncertainty cannot be ruled out for the year 2020.
As a basis for this call, we would like to use our preliminary full year 2019 chart.
EMEA’s going to be up a bit next year.
The use of tax reductions in connection with research and development (R&D) projects recognized as an expense also helped to reduce the tax expense compared with the previous year.
We were engaged by the supervisory board on 2/21 September 2022.
• obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express audit opinions on the consolidated  KION GROUP AG 277 Annual report 2020 financial statements and on the combined management report.
Independence of the Supervisory Board members In 2020, the Supervisory Board defined what it considers to be an adequate number of independent Supervisory Board members.
The amount of the benefits paid to executives depends on the type of entitlement.
Innovation Innovation activities are focused on the development of cross-segment technologies for tomorrow’s material handling market.
At the meetings, the board members discuss measures and business that, under the Executive Board’s rules of procedure, must be approved by the full Executive Board.
There were no countermotions, nominations, or requests for additions to the agenda.
151KION GROUP AGNOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSBasis of presentationAnnual Report 2019>  TABLE  047 shows the significant parameters for impairment testing broken down by Operating Unit.
Equally, an escalation of the real estate crisis in China could lead to state interventions that would dent the outlook for growth not just in the APAC region but also in the export-driven European economy.
And as we see opportunities that make good sense for us, we’re ready to be pursuing those.
Equity increased by €348.1 million in the reporting year.
These hedges are accounted for as portfolio fair value hedges in accordance with IAS 39 (see note [42]).
Employee feedback In 2021 and 2022, the KION Group conducted a global employee survey: “KION Pulse”.
Each risk is documented in a reporting system designed specifically for the require-ments of risk management.
In the breakdown by customer segment in the project business, the food and beverage, and grocery retail/wholesale sectors were the main driving forces in the anticipated expansion in the supply chain solutions market in 2022.
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of the Company.
The gains / losses on hedge reserves are the effective portion of the changes in the fair value of hedging instruments in formally documented hedges.
Contract modifications and claims against customers are factored into the project costing provided that the parties to the contract have agreed to them and they do not give rise to any distinct performance obligation.
And it will be roughly 3 percentage points plus additional depreciation.
The accounting-based internal control and risk management system includes written policies and procedures, compliance with the double-checking principle, and approval procedures.
> TABLE 124List of shareholdings as at 31 December 2019 (continued)TABLE 124No.
Page 10 shows the reconciliation from the adjusted EBITDA to group net income.
Personnel expenses amounted to €74.0 million, a year-on-year rise of €21.5 million.
Customers and industry experts were able to learn about and discuss new trends and applications during various workshops and presentations.
In the customer project business, the aforementioned disruptions to the supply of components mainly manifest themselves in the form of isolated project delays and increased expenditure on project realization, but they can also affect procurement.
This helps to systematically identify and support staff across the Group who have potential, who are high performers or who are experts in key functions.
It will be applied to new contracts in force from January 1, 2021.
The provisions for personnel comprise provisions for long-service awards, partial retirement obliga-tions, share-based remuneration obligations, severance pay, and obligations under social plans.
The measurement parameters shown in >  TABLE 122 were used to value the phantom shares on the reporting date.
After the loss in the third quarter, the adjusted EBIT turned positive again in the fourth quarter, and we finished with a positive €82 million in the fourth quarter.
Our responsibilities under those requirements and principles are further described in the ‘Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and of the Combined Management Report’ section of our auditor’s report.
Financial services support the sale of new trucks in many markets, forming another pillar of the service business.
Adjusted EBITDAAdjusted EBITDA is EBITDA adjusted for company-specific purchase price allocation effects and non-recurring items.
We do not express a separate audit opinion on the prospective information and on the assumptions used as a basis.
At the meetings, the board members discuss measures and business that, under the Executive Board’s rules of procedure, must be approved by the full Executive Board.
In the planning period, a continual rise in adjusted EBIT is anticipated in the KION ITS EMEA and KION SCS CGUs, whose combined goodwill makes up more than 95 percent of the total goodwill recognized by the Group.
The capital increase took effect when its implementation was entered in the commercial register at the Wiesbaden local court under HRB 27060 on May 23, 2017.
STILL’s electric-powered RX 60-25/35 truck matches the performance of a truck fitted with an IC engine.
Rendering of services  Revenue from the rendering of services is recognized upon performance of the service, either at a point in time or over a period of time.
Our order intake grew by 5.3% to €9.1 billion, driven by both of our operating units.
In October, Dematic again hosted the Material Handling & Logistics Conference (MHLC), which was held entirely online for the first time.
The defined benefits include not only a life-long retirement pension but also surviving dependants’ benefits.
In addition, the Executive Board held conference calls to report on each set of quarterly results.
The annual financial statements of KION GROUP AG are prepared in accordance with the provi-sions in the German Commercial Code (HGB) and the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG).
Another contributing factor was increased flexibility in production, which meant that many of the unfinished trucks were completed on time and shipped before the end of the year.
In the indirect leasing business, industrial trucks are sold to leasing companies (vendor partners) that enter into long-term leases with end customers.
Furthermore, an expense of €1.3 million for the 2017 tranche had been recognized under the relevant functional costs in 2019.
Ltd. subsidiary manufactures and sells electric and IC industrial trucks and warehouse trucks.
So there, I would obviously be curious why the Q4 order intake was so strong.
The Executive Board is also authorized until July 15, 2025 to issue warrant-linked bonds, convertible bonds, or profit-sharing rights with a total par value of up to €1,000.0 million that contain pre-emption rights/obligations for up to 11,809,000 no-par-value shares.
A proprietary 24-volt fuel-cell system for warehouse trucks will be brought to market before the end of this year.
Many factors, several of which are beyond the control of the KION Group, affect the Group’s busi-ness activities and profitability as well as the earnings of KION GROUP AG.
EBIT margin improved for the fourth consecutive quarterComments on Q3 resultsKION GROUP AG | Q3 2023 Update Call | 26 October 2023Higher net financial expenses and taxes partly offset improved adj.
KION performance share plan (PSP) for managersThe 2019 tranche of the long-term, variable remuneration compo-nent for the managers in the KION Group (LTI 2019) was granted with effect from 1 January 2019 and has a term of three years.
Free cash flow – the sum of cash flow from operating activities and investing activities – was significantly negative at minus €715.6 million (2021: positive cash flow of €543.8 million).
Initial value of the KION share (60-days average)  57.79 €  48.68 € Initial value of the MDAX (60-days average)  26,893.05 pts.
My question is on IT&S and specifically on operating leverage.
This means that the percentage of completion calculated as at the reporting date, the revenue to be recognized, and the project’s profit or loss may change.
The KION Group regularly assesses its aggregate risk position arising from the lease business.
It would be interesting to know how you are dealing with the market at this point.
Furthermore, receivables management and credit risk management are refined on an ongoing basis.
At €6,514.0 million, revenue was near the upper end of the target range of €6,250 million to €6,550 million.
This represented a significant improvement when viewed in comparison with the previous year, which had been affected by acquisition items (2020: €120.9 million).
Having a groupwide risk-bearing capacity plan requires the Group to define a level of risk appetite across the various risk types that will help it to achieve the objectives of the KION 2027 strategy.
Order intake for warehouse trucks was also boosted by China’s strong growth, rising by 11.2 percent year on year.
You subtract the capex of €500 million, and then there might be some room or not for other activities such as M&A.
The measures that were initiated in the prior year to improve internal processes in project delivery and project management and the inclusion of price adjustment clauses in customer contracts were continued in 2023 with a view to helping to mitigate risk in 2024.
So that’s the most important criteria for booking an order.
The Annual General Meeting on 11 May 2017 voted to create new authorised capital that will enable the KION Group to  continue to meet its funding needs quickly and flexibly.
The KION Group pursues an open dialog with a wide range of stakeholder groups, either directly via surveys or at events (Table 27).
Then in December 2022, a further amendment agreement was signed that increased the total volume from €1,000.0 million to €1,385.7 million.
Including non-recurring items and purchase price allocation effects, EBIT came to €389.9 million (2019: €716.6 million).
There are also legal provisions pertaining to exports and financing business.
Currency effects, mainly from the resurgent US dollar, boosted the value of order intake by €87.7 million.
Just wonder whether you could give us an update on how that's been faring early into Q1 and also what measures you've been taking around the utilization of that fleet or the investment levels in that fleet.
Contingent consideration elements are included at fair value at the date of acquisition when determining the purchase consideration.
At the same time, we reaffirmed our target for 2023 of achieving a double-digit adjusted EBIT margin of between 10 and 12 percent.
The vast majority of employees have access to voluntary health-related activities at their site.
In the case of sale and leaseback sub-lease transactions, risks and rewards incidental to the head lease are usually substantially borne by subsidiaries in the KION Group, so the industrial trucks are reported as rental assets and measured at amortized cost.
The name of the company is KION (Jinan) Forklift Co., Ltd., Jinan, People’s Republic of China.
The variable performance-related components comprise an annually recurring component linked to business performance and a multi-year performance-related component in the form of the KION performance share plan (see also note [46]).
The Group only enters into transactions with business partners and banks holding a good credit rating and subject to fixed limits.
A foreign-currency receivable or liability is recognized when goods are dispatched or received.
Of this amount, €8.6 million was attributable to the restructuring of the UK sales or-ganization, which is now largely complete.
Individual provisions are recognized for claims that are known to the Group.
The latter was primarily due to the much lower level of trade payables at the end of the year and the volume-related growth of receivables from customers.
The discretionary performance multiple for Ms. Schneeberger has already been set to 1.0 for 2020.
With the excep-tion of income and expenses recognised as other comprehensive income, equity is recognised at historical rates.
On the basis of this estimate, deferred tax assets have been recognized on some loss carryforwards and interest carryforwards and on tax credits.
The KION Group is among the world’s leading suppliers of industrial trucks and supply chain solutions.
Adjusted EBITDA was €1,241.7 million (2021: €1,297.9 million), giving an adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.9 percent (2021: 19.9 percent).
To this end, we first examined the KION IFRS Accounting Manual, which represents the basis for routine programming, for conformity with the IFRS.
Associates and joint ventures that are of material importance to the presentation of the financial position and financial performance of the KION Group are accounted for using the equity method.
Exceeding the agreed maximum level of leverage as at a particular reference date gives lenders a right of termination.
In 2022, the proportion of cost of materials for new trucks in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment directly influenced by changes in commodity prices increased.
This also includes training concepts to prepare for changes associated with increasing auto-mation and digitalization.
A variety of per-sonnel measures – including using up accumulated credit hours in working-time accounts, introduc-ing short-time working, and forgoing salary increases – helped to flexibly manage the temporary capacity adjustments and production restrictions.
The future development of KION GROUP AG and its subsidiaries and the results that are actually achieved are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual events or results to differ significantly from those reflected in the forward-looking statements.
Akash Gupta And is down payment also a KPI?
So we've been Page 19   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2019 Update Call Transcription working with them for almost 20 years, and we have 150 installed sites, so very familiar thing.
We’ve been working on our service elements and have made good progress on pricing and services.
the risk that partners will fail to meet their contractual obligations.
Sales risks  The main sales risks – besides a drop in demand caused by market conditions – result from dependence on individual customers and sectors.
For 2019, the UK subsidiaries listed in > TABLE 045 exercised the exemption in section 479A of the UK Companies Act 2006, which releases them from the obligation to have their separate financial statements audited.
In contrast to the project business, revenue in the service business (customer services) rose by 7.9 percent year on year due to the maintenance, modernization, and upgrading of the solutions already installed for customers.
The discount rate is a before-tax interest rate that reflects current market expectations for the time value of money and the specific risks inherent in the liability.
And so we’ve got a mix of those different kind of orders in our backlog.
The rate of participation for the meetings of the Supervisory Board and its committees stood at around 93 percent.
Adjusted EBITDA rose to €1,748.7 million (2022: €1,218.7 million), giving an adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.3 percent (2022: 10.9 percent).
6a HGB in conjunction with GAS 171,3272,301311–  1  Non-performance related, non-cash remuneration and other benefits include expenses and / or benefits in kind, such as the use of a company car and housing costs.
First of all, Mr. Wassenberg, I’ve got a question to you, please.
The expanding installed base of completed projects also resulted in a greater volume of orders in the service business.
And our objective is to have a total of up to 5,000 tons of end-of-life battery material professionally and sustainably processed at the Li-Cycle recycling plant in Magdeburg, Germany, by 2030.
Our shareholders understandably responded to this news with disappointment, and this was reflected in a significant fall in KION's share price by the end of 2022.
And yet when I look at the share price, when I look at the implied valuation multiples, there is not much of a big difference between the truck and the SCS business.
Revenue in Q4 increased moderately by 2.6% to €2.3 billion, whereas adjusted EBIT declined by 10.5% to €226 million, resulting in an adjusted EBIT margin of 9.9%.
Liabilities from the leasing business comprise all liabilities from financing the leasing business on the basis of sale and leaseback sub-lease transactions, lease facilities, and the issuance of notes (securitization).
This is ensured via a comprehensive compliance management system that centres on the KION Group Code of Compliance (KGCC), which lays out the guidelines for ethical, value-oriented and law-abiding business activities.
The increase was mainly due to paper issued under the commercial paper program; the volume issued as at December 31, 2022 was €305.0 million (December 31, 2021: €0.0 million).
There are other ways of doing that and different ways of doing that.
A team is responsible for monitoring the system-based controls, which it supplements with manual checks.
Moreover, the KION Group closely monitors the market and its competitors so that it can identify market risks at an early stage and adjust its production capacities in good time.
Subsequently, the carrying amount of the equity investment is adjusted in line with any changes to the KION Group’s interest in the net assets of the investee.
As a rule, the KION Group finances its lease business in the same currency as the lease with the end customer in order to exclude currency risks.
This includes the use of polluting substances and the generation of harmful emissions.
R&D costs totaling €156.8 million were ex-pensed (2019: €155.3 million).
The increase in  liabilities from procure-ment leases was primarily due to the start of two property leases.
The risks identified are immediately taken into account by the Company in the costing of new leases by recognising write-downs or provisions and adjusting the residual values.
In the direct lease business, industrial trucks with a carrying amount of €1,077.3.
This item included liabilities from procurement leases amounting to €543.6 million (December 31, 2020: €527.0 million), for which right-of-use assets were recorded.
0Introduction Sustainability management People Products  Processes About this  report Annex  KION GROUP AG 7 Sustainability Report 2022 This places our focus on a climate-neutral, environmentally conscious and circular economy, the product portfolio and employees.
We have 80 part numbers that are on the list and being monitored and are now covered until May.
If an Executive Board member suffers temporary incapacity, he will receive his full fixed salary for a maximum period of six months plus the one-year variable remuneration.
In the case of business combinations in stages, previously held equity interests are recognized at their fair value at the acquisition date.
Employees with the necessary expertise provide support on specialist questions and complex issues.
The effects on cash from changes in exchange rates are shown separately.
Deliver this in a couple of months’ time”?
The fair value was determined using appropriate valuation methods that drew on observable inputs to the greatest possible extent.
It has entered into interest-rate swaps in order to hedge interest-rate risk arising on the varia-ble-rate financial liabilities.
The management system, expected development, and the opportunities and risks of the KION Group are described in detail in the ‘Management system’ and ‘Outlook, risk report, and opportunity report’ sections of this combined management report.
Due to the international composition of the Executive Board, the meetings of the Executive Board in 2023 were mainly held in a hybrid format (i.e.
Baoli focuses on industrial trucks in the lower value and economy segments.
Financial liabilities assigned to the FVPL category are initially recognized at fair value; directly at-tributable transaction costs have to be taken directly to profit or loss.
The growth rate used for Dematic was 1.3 per cent (2018: 1.3 per cent).
The Company achieves these aims by avoiding business scenarios or personnel structures that could give the impression of a conflict of interest and by taking transparent steps and issuing clear communica-tions.
The key audit matters were discussed and set out accordingly at the Audit Committee’s meeting on October 26, 2022.
In this calculation, the number of performance shares is rounded to the nearest whole number where necessary.
17KION GROUP AGTO OUR SHAREHOLDERSReport of the Supervisory BoardAnnual Report 2019Against this backdrop, it was only logical to work with the Executive Board last year to tackle the next phase in the implementation of KION 2027.
The KION Group therefore strives to use local supplier structures to reduce transport distances and optimise the availability of materials and parts.
We’re excited about the industry we’re in, and we’re really proud of our company and how it’s doing.
125KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTRemuneration reportAnnual Report 20192) Allocation pursuant to the DCGKThe total remuneration allocated to / earned by Executive Board members for 2019 was €11,303 thousand (2018: €9,320 thou-sand).
The additional benefits were measured at the value calcu-lated for tax purposes.
In addition, the introduction of a material database is in planning.
The German Stock Corporation Act and the detailed provisions of the GCGC provide the basis for making decisions on this matter.
These products are aimed at reducing injuries to operators and damage to goods and infrastructure.
The Supply Chain Solutions segment performed very well in 2020: It received a huge boost to growth from the sus-tained expansion of e-commerce and the demand for material handling technologies in warehouse logistics.
A reconciliation of EBIT to adjusted EBIT is presented in > TABLE 011.
Details of the compliance management system can be found in the section ‘Compliance’, which is part of the combined management report.
Location-based emission factors for pur-chased electrical energy are retrieved from the ecoinvent database (year specific versions).
Further training is planned for the first half of 2023.
Details of the remuneration of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG can be found in note [47].
In 2019, the KION Group sold financial assets with a total value of €116.5 million (2018: €152.3 million) in factoring transac-tions.
They influence the success of the segment’s project and service businesses.
When making its assessment, the KION Group takes into consideration all facts and circumstances that offer an economic incentive to exercise extension options or to not exercise termination options.
The minutes of the committee meetings are made available to all Supervisory Board members.
The basis for decision-making includes sensitivity analyses of interest-rate risk positions in key currencies.
The fall in provisions by €36.9 million to €88.2 million was mainly the result of utilization of the tax provision recognized in the previous year.
This equated to 0.6 times adjusted EBITDA in the year under review (2019: 1.0 times).
This figure can essentially be broken down into promissory notes with a carrying amount of €1,317.3 million (2018: €1,214.3 million) and liabilities to banks of €399.5 million (2018: €604.5 million).
With its high performance and agility for indoor and outdoor use, it is an e-truck with IC truck characteristics and allows us to further drive the industry shift towards electric trucks.
Prague  Czech Republic  14 & 23  100.0%  100.0%   119  Linde Material Handling Parts Distribution CZ s.r.o.
Leased or used trucks, it’s a dynamic market, too.
Pay-ment terms vary in accordance with the customary conditions in the respective countries.
Deferred tax assets on tax loss carryforwards and interest carryforwards are recognized on the basis of an estimate of the future recoverability of the tax benefit, i.e.
The Supervisory Board also met regularly without the Executive Board during the reporting period.
In addition, a total of five bilateral loans, each with a volume of €100.0 million, were taken out with banks in June and July 2022.
EBIT marginsQ & A Session16KION GROUP AG | Q3 2023 Update Call | 26 October 2023AppendixFY 2023 Expectation – Housekeeping Items181.
The aim was to boost awareness of diversity, equality of opportunity, and integrity and to ensure mutual respect is embedded as a core aspect of this.
This forecast is driven largely by the expectation of a rebound of growth in China to 5.2 percent following the lifting of its zero-COVID strategy.
Actual business performance may deviate from the KION Group’s forecasts due, among other factors, to the opportunities and risks described here.
Global investment for sustained growth Strategic capital expenditure is helping us to achieve our growth targets.
And moreover, we started construction of our new ITS plant in Poland.
The aim is to continuously update the risk assessment criteria and to carry out a meaningful assessment for new locations as well.
KION GROUP AG recognizes non-controlling interests at the proportionate value of the net assets attributable to them excluding goodwill.
Manual and automated solutions are provided for all functions to ensure seamless material handling for customers, from goods inward and Multishuttle warehouse systems to picking, automated palletizing, and automated guided vehicle systems.
Overall, the KION Group provided information about its performance during 22 in-person and 13 virtual conference and roadshow days, which included meetings with experts.
Management and controlCorporate governanceThe KION Group follows generally accepted standards of sound, responsible corporate governance.
They have to build up their shareholding to this percentage and hold the shares for as long as they remain on the Executive Board.
If a vote is tied, the matter will only be renegotiated if the majority of the Supervisory Board vote in favor of this option.
This fair value, calculated for the purposes of disclosure in the notes to the financial statements, is classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
Specific individual risks are then reported by each Group entity using a reporting tool that is tailored to requirements.
The European Central Bank (ECB) progressively raised the interest rate for its deposit facility to 4.0 percent over the course of 2023.
That can’t be forgotten, Poland, Stříbro 3, and Jinan is being ramped up, which goes into full swing next year.
The members of the Supervisory Board receive an attend-ance fee of €1,500 per day for meetings of the Supervisory Board and its committees, although they only receive this amount once if they attend more than one meeting on the same day.
The proposal was discussed at the Audit Committee’s meeting on February 22, 2023, and committee members were given the opportunity to speak to the auditors in person.
To this end, there was a drive to develop strategic objectives and corresponding key performance indicators (KPIs).
