The potential risks that may arise in the project realization phase are monitored in every individual project using detailed continuous reviews based on the individual items of work that make up the project.
The large number of industrial trucks already in use in the market also provides a strong base for replacement business and rising demand for services.
This allows information about the trucks’ condition and usage to be analysed by special software that can also be used to optimally plan essential maintenance and efficiently calculate running costs.
This is due to the emergence of the new Omicron variant of coronavirus and the containment measures that have been reintroduced as a result in many countries.
Questions could be submitted online by May 9, 2021 and were answered individually during the meeting.
Liquidity riskBased on the definition in IFRS 7, a liquidity risk arises if an entity is unable to meet its financial liabilities.
Business model and organizational structure The KION Group’s business model is designed so that customers of all sizes and from all sectors can obtain the full spectrum of material handling products and services from a single source.
The performance period for the 2023 tranche ends on December 31, 2025 (2022 tranche: December 31, 2024).
In Germany, the law requires the Executive and Supervisory Boards of publicly listed companies to set targets for the proportion of women on the Executive Board as well as on the two management levels below that.
Deferred taxes are recognized in other comprehensive income if they relate to transactions also recognized in other comprehensive income.
Under this agenda item, the committee discusses general parameters, such as the planning horizon, the identification of required skills and qualifications, and the internal talent pool.
Apart from the technical screening criteria, a diligent as-sessment of potential considerable impairments towards further environmental objectives (Do-No-Significant-Harm, DNSH) and Minimum Social Safeguards was successfully performed.
EBIT (earnings before interest and tax) EBIT is earnings before net financial income/expenses and tax for the reporting period.
In the Supply Chain Solutions segment, the focus is on continuing to strengthen operational resilience by structuring contracts in a way that minimizes risk and on improving processes in procurement, project delivery, and project management.
The KION GROUP AG Executive Board meets this statutory minimum representation requirement.
These valuable resources can be used for making new batteries in a second or next life.
The supply chain is highly interconnected to product and solution sustainability, circularity as well as climate and energy.
But the fact is the level of growth that we are seeing in this business and the nonavailability of labor to work in warehouses, those two things just lead to a higher demand for mobile robotics that will continue.
The adjusted EBIT margin fell from 11.1  per  cent in 2018 to 10.8 per cent in the year under review.
And can you also help us understand how this acquisition fills the so far existing gap and to what extent it gives you an edge over competition?
Other mandatory training courses cover data protection, anti-discrimination, managerial conduct, conflicts of interest, anti-money laundering, competition law, special fraud matters, and trade compliance.
The following applies to short-term rental agreements entered into from January 1, 2018 onward: The financing partner usually does not obtain control over the industrial truck and it is recognized as a rental asset in the consolidated statement of financial position.
In terms of adjusted EBIT, particularly in the first half of the year, we’ll still be significantly impacted by the legacy projects.
And I don’t mean that to be arrogant.
The trustees are required to follow a defined investment strategy and investment guidelines.
The corporate governance statement can be viewed and downloaded on the Company’s website.
The total remuneration of the members of the Executive Board pursuant to IFRS is shown in > TABLE 123.
Indaiatuba / São Paulo  Brazil  Americas  100.00%  116   69  KION South Asia Pte.
In both segments, the service business is generally more stable than the product or project business as it is linked to the installed base of trucks and systems over their entire lifetime.
Basic earnings per share came to €1.81 (2019: €3.86), while the weighted average number of shares outstanding increased only slightly from 117.9 million to 118.9 million no-par-value shares outstand-ing on average during the reporting year.
Net cash provided by operating activities totalled €846.3 mil-lion, which was much higher than the prior-year figure of €765.5 million.
It provides additional motivation for employees to continually engage with HSE matters.
Taking into account the revolving credit facility that was still freely available, the unrestricted cash and cash equivalents available to the KION Group as at the reporting date amounted to €1,457.3 million (December 31, 2019: €1,357.4 million).
The half-year financial report and the quarterly statements of the KION Group are published within 30 days of the end of the quarter to which they relate.
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and non-controlling interests The overall composition of, and changes in, equity are shown in the > table ‘Consolidated statement of changes in equity’.
The steps that the KION Group is taking to mitigate its competition risk also include making its plants more efficient and securing low-cost sources of supply.
By contrast, further revenue growth is anticipated in the high-margin service business.
Together they form the Group-wide compliance team, reporting to the compliance officer of the Operating Unit.
Unfortunately, despite further favorable demand for our products, our Company did not manage to remain profitable at the accustomed level during these crisis-hit times.
Further IT risks exist in connection with potential breaches of data privacy laws, including in relation to the processing of personal data and the documentation of such processing.
The annual remuneration for members of the Executive Committee is usually €8,000, while the chairman of the Executive Committee receives double this amount, i.e.
This mainly affects the Industrial Trucks & Services seg-ment, where competition is fierce, particularly in the economy and volume price segments.
And I think we gave a very decent estimate to the market.
We will also press ahead with the ongoing expansion of our global sales and service network and the Group’s digital transformation.
Middle East conflict, war in Ukraine), including any knock-on effects that change the level of risk, are monitored closely.
Overall, the prevailing procurement situation is unchanged compared with previous year.
With its own production facility, the KION Group has been able to expand its range of products equipped with this high-performance type of battery.
All other leases and short-term rentals are classified as operating leases, again in accordance with IFRS 16, and recognized as leased assets or rental assets.
Firstly, a groupwide risk cata-log is used to capture the risks attaching to each company.
> DIAGRAM 005The market risks and competition risks described, the risks along the value chain, the human resources risks and the legal risks largely relate to the Industrial Trucks & Services and Supply Chain Solutions segments.
Interest-rate riskInterest-rate risk within the KION Group is managed centrally.
The KION Group does not fall within the scope of the EU Emissions Trading System (EU ETS).
According to estimates by the research institute eMarketer, global online trade (B2C) has expanded at an average rate of 19 percent in recent years (2017–2022).
Page 22   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q3 2023 Update Call Transcription  Jorge González Sadornil Hello.
KION GROUP  AG and its governing bodies therefore adhere strictly to the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code on this subject.
In 2019, a total of 19 initiatives were launched in the KION Group delivering a total annual savings potential of approximately 19,764 t CO2e*.
The planned expansion of our business in China is a key part of our growth strategy.
Other factors pointing to gloomier growth prospects according to the IMF are the ongoing difficulties in the Chinese real-estate sector and the slower than anticipated recovery of consumer spending.
Consequently, the companies in the KION Group continually review the presence of tax risks and the amounts at which they have been measured.
Risk category I are employees with external contacts according to their position descriptions; these include sales, purchasing, managers with decision-making authority, and service technicians.
Because we have kept this drive technology inhouse, we are able to offer our European customers a high degree of reliability even in times of fragile global supply chains.
The aim is to offer trucks with fuel cell technology to give customers an environmentally friendly energy alternative.
The Board also manages the company’s sustainability strategy.
Reflecting the economic recovery, the volume of global trade will increase by 8.1 percent in 2021 according to the IMF.
With regard to health, the KION Group continued to offer employees a range of preventive occupa-tional health services in 2022.
I hand back to Rob Smith for closing remarks.
The positive non-recurring items in 2021 had also mainly related to plan adjustments affecting defined benefit obligations, as well as to the reversal of provisions that had been recognized in connection with the capacity and structural program introduced in 2020 during the pandemic.
Diversity One of the main concerns of good corporate governance is to ensure that appointments to the two governing bodies, i.e.
By contrast, new orders are expected to increase slightly in the APAC region.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the ESEF Documents Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ESEF documents are free from material intentional or unintentional non-compliance with the requirements of Section 328 (1) HGB.
The fair value is recalculated on each reporting date until the end of the performance period.
The Supervisory Board put together a task force to deal with this matter in 2019.
The effects from purchase price allocations comprised net write-downs and other expenses in relation to the step-ups and charges identified as part of the acquisition processes.
Thanks to the newly developed automatic pouch emptier, which uses a durable, cost-effective and fully automated mechanism to open the bottom of the pouch, Dematic has significantly increased the speed at which its space-saving omnichannel solution operates.
Based on current assessments, the initial application of these financial reporting standards and interpretations will have no significant effect on the presentation of the financial position and financial performance of the KION Group.
Moreover, companies have a lot of ground to make up – according to L.E.K.
The impact of a change to judgments or estimates is recognized prospectively when it becomes known and assumptions are adjusted accordingly.
For the sake of these stakeholders, KION GROUP AG strives for an appropriate ratio of internal funding to borrowing.
The Internal Audit department regularly reviews the internal control system and accounting processes, including Group accounting.
The first question is on what you said on pricing, and we appreciate clearly the higher agility that you put in place now.
And so is the Asia market bringing more and more into the mix?
For the 2021 and 2022 tranches, 20 percent of the performance share plan is linked to the achievement of ESG targets.
So it's just the itinerary of those orders that you have.
Lainate  Italy  EMEA  100.00%  132   130  URBAN LOGISTIQUE SAS  Elancourt  France  EMEA  100.00%  132   131  Urban Transporte spol.
We’re in contact with our suppliers, working with them through their scenario planning and their adjustments.
Order intake in the Group went up by 3.6 percent to €9,442.5 million (2019: €9,111.7 million).
The short remaining term of these financial assets means their carrying amount was almost the same as their fair value.
Non-current financial liabilities also included the corporate bond issued, which has a carrying amount of €495.6 million (December 31, 2020: €494.5 million), and liabilities to banks of €46.6 million (December 31, 2020: €2.7 million).
Its processes are intended to ensure the correctness of the internal and external accounting processes, the efficiency of the Company’s business operations, and compliance with key legal provisions and internal policies.
The KION Group has come through the pandemic compara-tively well so far.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 101 Annual report 2023  In addition, it uses derivatives to hedge currency risk.
The shares acquired as a result of this authorization together with other shares of the Company that the Company has already acquired and still possesses or that are deemed to be in its possession pursuant to section 71a et seq.
To this end, the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG developed a joint diversity concept in 2017 that was most recently amended at the beginning of 2022.
The 2022 report is the first that discloses not only the taxonomy-eligible but also the taxonomy-aligned business activities of the KION Group in regard to the first two environmental objectives defined in the EU Taxonomy Regulation.
All fully consolidated subsidiaries of the KION Group are covered by the internal control system.
By contrast, the APAC region recorded solid growth, which was mainly driven by the expansion of new business in China.
The sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, cash flow from operating activities, and amounts available under credit facilities.
The Company has taken measures to prevent it from incurring financial losses as a result of these risks.
Certain industry, market and competitive position data contained in this Presentation, if any, come from official or third party sources.
The first university graduates successfully completed their management trainee program in 2021.
Increases in procurement prices for commodities and intermediate products and translation effects caused by fluctuations in exchange rates can have a significant impact on the financial performance of individual market participants.
To this end, the Supervisory Board has decided how the relevant benchmarks are to be defined.
This calls for shorter lead times, a more efficient flow of goods, a broader product range, and improved process reliability.
Sections that only contain information on KION GROUP AG are indicated as such.
AktG must not exceed 10 percent of the share capital at any time.
For its accounting process, the KION Group has defined appropriate structures and processes as part of its internal control and risk management system that are required to be implemented throughout the Group.
Adjusted EBIT amounted to €536.0 million, which was within the target range of €525 million to €565 million.
By contrast, the prior-year figure had been adversely affected, in particular, by the considerable growth of net working capital as a result of the extensive supply chain disruptions.
As well as securing the existing 300 jobs at the site, we also hope to create new ones.
By contrast, the demand for Supply Chain Solutions should continue to rise.
In accordance with the German legal requirements, we have not audited the content of the consolidated corporate governance statement pursuant to Sections 289f, 315d German Commercial Code (HGB) included in the combined management report.
The total remuneration paid to former members of the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG and its legal predecessors amounted to €8.4 million (2022: €3.6 million).
References to values reported in the consolidated financial statements are not necessary for understanding.
In 2021, the non-recurring items had amounted to total income of €37.8 million.
For the 2022 and 2023 tranches, 20 percent of the performance share plan is linked to the achievement of ESG targets.
Subsidiaries acquired in the course of the financial year are consolidated from the date on which control is obtained.
As at 31 December 2019, there were no drawdowns from the revolving credit facility (2018: €101.8 million).
Due to rounding effects, additionof the individual amounts shown may result in minor rounding differences to the totals.
The Group also mitigates any losses from defaults by its receipt of the proceeds from the sale of repos-sessed trucks.
Market planning takes into account predicted macroeconomic and industry-specific performance, which is described below.
The elections may also come 19KION GROUP AGTO OUR SHAREHOLDERSReport of the Supervisory BoardAnnual Report 2019at the same time as key Executive Board members have to be re-appointed.
Ltd.  Belrose  Australia  APAC  100.00%  17   31  Dematic S.r.l.
This increases the availability of goods, allows them to be delivered more quickly, and thus leads to greater customer satisfaction.
In March 2020, a payment from the 2017 tranche was made on the basis of the achievement of the long-term targets that were defined in 2017 at the start of the performance period.
We are pressing ahead with our growth strategy in China, one of the world’s most important and fast-growing markets for material handling, by strengthening our production site in Jinan, in Shandong province.
The free float accounted for 54.7 percent of the shares, while the remaining 0.1 percent were treas-ury shares.
Supply Chain Solutions segment Business performance and order intake Order intake in the Supply Chain Solutions segment went up by 18.5 percent to €4,329.4 million in 2021 (2020: €3,654.5 million), driven by continued strong demand from customers for warehouse automation.
Revenue recognition Revenue is the consideration that is expected to be received from the customer for the transfer of goods or services (transaction price).
This is supported by data from 2022 gathered by Interact Analysis.
In the service business, the high number of industrial trucks in operation worldwide provides solid foundations for a small rise in revenue.
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in euros, which is the Group’s presentation currency.
It is also possible that a partner will collaborate with competitors if exclusivity agreements are not in place.
The char-acteristics of the corruption perception index for the respective country, the size and structure of the local purchas-ing or sales organisation and contacts with public officials play an important role in risk assessment.
In addition to the decrease in operating profit, effects relating to the ITS and SCS segments’ business in Russia reduced net income by €36.8 million in total.
In the indirect lease business, industrial trucks are sold to leasing companies (vendor partners) that enter into long-term leases with end customers.
The compliance training courses are offered in many different languages to ensure that participants understand them properly.
Leased assets for direct and indirect leases with end customers that are classified as operating leases decreased only slightly to €1,333.3 million (December 31, 2019: €1,361.2 million).
To this end, the Group creates working environments that are suitable for peo-ple with disabilities, supports reintegration into work processes and enables people with physical disabilities to remain in employment.
Each purchasing department is responsible for monitoring compliance with guidelines in its area.
It uses five core key performance indicators (KPIs), which remained unchanged in the reporting year, to con-tinuously monitor market success, profitability, financial strength and liquidity.
Order intake at €3.8 billion and order backlog now almost at €8 billion benefitted from high demand as well as price increases and positive FX effects.
In addition, interdisciplinary teams work on the avoidance of risks arising from inadequate contractual arrangements.
Luxembourg  Luxembourg  EMEA  100.00%  15   15  Dematic Holdings GmbH  Frankfurt am Main  Germany  EMEA  100.00%  1   16  Dematic Holdings Pty.
What I’d mention to you is about maximum 15% or so.
The discount rate is a before-tax interest rate that reflects current market expectations for the time value of money and the specific risks inherent in the liability.
The project involved taking data from the sensors of industrial trucks in order to create a digital twin of a real-world warehouse.
The amount recognized is an average value or a value determined in accordance with the FIFO method (FIFO = first in first out).
And given 2 very strong years of double-digit Page 25   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2019 Update Call Transcription organic order growth, you are still targeting a very healthy level of growth in 2020.
You mentioned earlier in the call that no impact from a pandemic could be included, which is obviously very understandable.
This was because the two operating segments saw disproportionately strong growth in their lower-margin businesses – new trucks and business solutions – compared with the growth of the service business.
As part of its regular audits and ad-hoc audits, the Group audit department checks compliance at KION GROUP AG and its consolidated subsidi-aries against the compliance requirements.
In the Supply Chain Solutions segment, the value of order intake went up by 14.3 per cent, primarily driven by a robust per-formance in the second half of the year.
The KION Group sees the heterogeneity of its employees as a competitive advantage.
Upon measurement of trade receivables, lease receivables, and contract assets subsequent to initial recognition, the KION Group applies the simplified impairment approach of IFRS 9.
The brand company had supplied a perfectly coordinated solution comprising three automated standard industrial trucks and installed all the system components for a customer’s production warehouse.
Within this total, the rise in net working capital of €201.9 million (2020: €150.3 million) reduced the level of cash flow from operating activities.
And looking at the full year 2022, the unit decline was 10% compared to the record level of last year.
And how much of that is of the order book currently?
For employees taking part for the first time, the KION Group offers a special incentive in the form of starter packages.
Such risks form part of the KION Group’s aggregate risk profile and are classified as operational risk.
Further information on sensitivity analysis in relation to the impact of the discount rate and details of measurement can be found in the information on the retirement benefit obligation and similar obligations in note [29].
Probably one question which just popped up is on the supply chain just because we heard from some machinery companies, not direct competitors but others, saying that the supply situation is getting tighter again.
All other leases and short-term rentals are classified as operating leases, again in accordance with IFRS 16.
We do not express a separate audit opinion on the prospective informa-tion and on the assumptions used as a basis.
With the consent of the Supervisory Board, the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG decided on 22 May 2017 to utilise some of the authorised capital created by the 2017 Annual  General Meeting.
If estimates change, or if there are differences between planned and actual costs, this is directly reflected in the profit or loss from project business contracts.
With regard to the further course of the coronavirus pandemic and the measures taken in response, this outlook is based on the market assumptions of the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
We want to get it down to plus or minus 6 months or so on the ITS side.
The KION Group Code of Compliance sets out spe-cific requirements on conduct to prevent corruption.
A specialist career path was introduced Group-wide in 2020 for areas of particular future importance.
In addition, the executive directors are responsible for such internal control as they have determined necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
The annual financial statements of KION GROUP AG are prepared in accordance with the provisions in the German Commercial Code (HGB) and the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG).
Because control over the promised assets gradually passes to the customer over the course of the project, revenue is recognized over a period of time, i.e.
Then it will gradually work towards establishing comprehensive circularity.
The first one is really on the pricing dynamics.
The two segments complement each other in terms of their respective market position and regional presence.
The specification of this type of target is required by Germany’s ‘Act for the equal participation of women and men in managerial positions in the private and public sectors’.
It will be presented in the remuneration report for 2021.
A contract liability is a company’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the company has received consideration.
All sales regions registered a year-on-year rise in order intake.
When the health risks of coronavirus and the resulting challenges to our business became apparent, the Supervisory Board began receiving weekly updates from the Executive Board and offered its advice and support.
The fallout from the bottle-necks at suppliers that had continued to have an effect in 2018 no longer had any significant impact on segment earnings.
The Supply Chain Solutions segment’s revenue of €3.0 billion matched the projected minimum figure.
And never forget, -- that’s the constant reminder throughout the year -- we are providing a minimum guidance, right?
And from a Page 23   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q3 2023 Update Call Transcription perspective of going into next year, that’s helpful.
Katie, Will, ladies and gentlemen, that’s a guidance question.
Throughout the accounting process, the local companies are supported by central points of contact.
The effects from purchase price allocations comprised net write-downs and other expenses in rela-tion to the step-ups and charges identified as part of the acquisition processes.
2 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG)) are provided in note [27] ‘Equity’ in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
The segment’s gross margin was higher than in the previous year, partly due to the smaller increase in fixed costs.
These statements only take into account information that was available up to and including the date that this annual report was prepared.
Once we have better visibility, we intend to update the markets with a new outlook for the year.
Indeed, we hit our targets for all of our corporate key performance indicators.
Human resources risks and legal risksThe KION Group relies on having highly qualified managers and experts in key roles.
Warranty provisions are recognized on the basis of past or estimated future claim statistics.
In the indirect leasing business, industrial trucks are sold to vendor partners that enter into long-term leases with end customers.
These included adding updated price adjustment clauses to new contracts, expanding the supplier base, and initiating major improvements in project execution and project management.
The combined management report contains cross-referencesthat are not provided for by law and which are marked as unaudited.
In Western Europe, we saw a decline of minus 4.1% in the fourth quarter, mainly driven by Germany, and ended up with an overall decline for the full year 2019 of minus 6.7%.
2.1 Internal control systemKION GROUP  AG has an internal control system designed to meet the specific needs of the Company.
Despite a market slowdown throughout the year, our IT&S segment showed a strong top line.
Between 30% and 40% is our own.
Name  Registered office  Country  Region  Share-holding 2021  Parent com-pany  Note Joint Ventures (equity-accounted investments) 187  JULI Motorenwerk s.r.o.
Development costs rose to €155.3 million (2018: €137.7 million), reflecting the firm focus on implementing the innovation strategy under KION 2027.
The significant weighted-average assumptions shown in > TABLE 078 were applied to the calculation of the net interest cost and the cost of benefits earned in the current year (current ser-vice cost).
Similarly, long-term lease receivables arising from leases with end customers that are classified as finance leases rose to €1,318.9 million (December 31, 2020: €1,199.1 million) due to higher unit sales of industrial trucks.
Could that be something you will have to do in the future?
KION GROUP AG controls a subsidiary if it has decision-making authority over the main activities of the entity and can use this authority to affect the amount of the variable returns to which it is exposed as a result of the equity investment.
Based on the manager survey conducted in 2015 and the action plan derived from it, a package of measures was defined and implemented in 2016 as part of the ‘Lift up’ transformation initiative.
The drawdowns under the revolving credit facility are generally classified as short term.
All percentage changes and ratios were calculated using the underlying data.
Automated storage and retrieval systems (ASRSs), robotic picking systems, and compact, powerful split-case and pallet picking stations can be used to achieve very fast throughput times and picking rates.
Meanwhile, demand for credit in the corporate sector stagnated (Bundesbank, November 2023).
And based on the very good performance of our ITS segment during the first 9 months of 2023, we raised our full-year outlook for ITS again.
However, the continuation of this global economic upturn was subject to a resurgence of risk at the end of the year.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 34 Annual report 2022  2.
This risk is defined as the risk that a counterparty will default, and hence is limited to a maximum of the carrying amount.
Page 13 shows the reconciliation from adjusted EBITDA to the net income for the group.
Recruitment is a challenge, especially given the high growth rates in the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
This facilitated the identification of relevant aspects across the Group and regions, which also shaped the revision of the sustainability strategy.
The Company’s assumptions and data underlying the valuation are overall appropriate.
Besides that, STILL set new standards with the launch of the new RX60 electric forklift truck.
For instance, the ‘Energy Quick Check’ web-based analysis app makes it possible to identify the best technology for the customer in just a few questions.
If the carrying amount is greater than the recoverable amount, an impairment loss is recognised for the equity investment.
The facility has a variable interest rate; the contractually agreed interest terms are linked to KION GROUP AG’s credit rating and to compliance with sustainability KPIs.
Net income and appropriation of profit Net income declined to €210.9 million (2019: €444.8 million).
The basis for decision-making includes sensitivity analyses of interest-rate risk exposures in key currencies.
KION GROUP AG will propose a dividend of €0.70 per share to the 2024 Annual General Meeting (2023: €0.19).
You can imagine we’re working hard to do our very best.
The expected improvement compared to the third quarter relates to improved earnings and an initial unwinding of net working capital, such as the reduction of semifinished trucks and the completion of project milestones in SCS, leading to the agreed milestone payments.
OUR AUDIT APPROACH First, we gained an understanding of the process used to record and recognise contracts in the sales lease business.
The markets in which the KION Group operates are characterized by strong competition, often price-driven.
Cash and cash equivalents increased by €35.9 million during the reporting year to reach €211.2 million (2018: €175.3 million).
But we will also see a positive impact on the cash assets and liabilities, which is driving SCS because we will get into more milestone billing.
The growing shortage of skilled workers is also having a positive impact on demand for automated intralogistics solutions.
Actual or suspected incidents of non­compliance can be reported anonymously or otherwise by contacting an external 24­hour compliance hotline, by sending an email or letter, by  calling an internal KION Group hotline or by contacting a compli­ance officer directly.
Revenue and adjusted EBIT also benefited from the successful order backlog repricing exercise, as Rob explained earlier.
The programme system-atically documents HSE measures and processes and provides specific ideas for how they can be developed further.
• Profitability: The KION Group wants to retain its position as one of the most profitable suppliers in the industry and improve its adjusted EBIT margin to between 10 percent and 12 percent in 2023.
Building on the very solid results for the financial years spanned by the first phase of the strategy, the Company now plans to invest at locations where products and services will bring lasting added value for its customers in future.
The segment continues to see strong growth rates in line with market trends.
Adjusted EBIT amounted to €546.9 million, which was slightly higher than the target range of €465 million to €545 million.
A reconciliation of EBITDA to adjusted EBITDA is presented in > TABLE 012.
The overarching aim is for the separate financial statements, consolidated financial statements, and combined management report to be fully compliant with the relevant statutory and regulatory requirements and, in particular, the applicable financial reporting standards.
The Supervisory Board believes that, in its current composition, the Executive Board is now very well positioned for the profitable growth targeted by the Company and for the technological and geopolitical challenges that lie ahead.
In addition to the contractually agreed consideration, the transaction price may also include variable elements such as rebates, volume discounts, trade discounts, bonuses, and penalties.
Initial value of the KION share (60-days average)  €25.39  €94.32 Initial value of the MDAX (60-days average)  24,662.39 pts.
The system covers all aspects of occupational health, safety and environmental protection and applies to all KION Group employees.
The liabilities to banks and the promissory notes are not collateralized.
The Internal Audit department evaluates governance, risk management, and the control processes by following a systematic and structured process, thus helping to bring about improvements.
In such relationships, the KION Group enters into leases with end customers that are based on fixed interest rates.
55KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTFundamentals of the KION GroupAnnual Report 2019KION  OPERATING MODELPEOPLEOUR SHARED KION GROUP VALUESOur solutions allow customers to  benefit from automation effectively,  supporting them on their journey to “lights-out” warehouses.
KION North America is investing in production and assembly lines in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment with an expanded plant in Summerville, South Carolina, that will create around 450 new jobs when it opens in spring 2024.
Taking into account the average trade tax rate of 14.9 percent, the combined nominal tax rate for entities in Germany was 30.7 percent (2021: 30.7 percent).
Now you have a pure play listed peer with AutoStore.
He has no business or financial ties to the Company or Executive Board.
The KION Group works on shaping all important pro-cesses, from the purchase of material requirements through the finishing stages to the customer, are humane and environmentally friendly.
The latter include the coronavirus pandemic being brought under control soon thanks to the rapid availability and successful rollout of vaccines across the population.
The comparative figures for the prior year were determined on the same basis.
Revenue recognition Revenue is the consideration that is expected to be received from the customer for the transfer of goods or services (transaction price).
Executive Committee The Executive Committee consists of four shareholder representatives and four employee representatives.
The gains and losses on the remeasurement of plan assets were attributable entirely to experience adjustments.
Rob Smith Yes, that’s the shift I’m talking about is within the warehouse segment, right?
The KION Group is a publicly listed corporate group and therefore ensures that its financial management takes into account the interests of shareholders, the banks providing its funding, and other lenders.
Sustainability Acting sustainably and responsibly is one of the key principles by which the KION Group operates.
The overarching aim is for the separate financial statements, consolidated financial statements, and combined management report to be fully compliant with the relevant statutory and regulatory requirements and, in particular, the applicable financial reporting standards.
It is also conceivable that competitors will join forces and their resulting stronger position will be detrimental to the KION Group’s sales opportunities.
We’re not only qualifying additional suppliers, but we’ve also done redesigning of our electronic components to switch to different chip technologies, which are better available in the market.
The Company, therefore, also assumes no responsibility whatsoever in respect of the accuracy and completeness of any such research and estimates.
That leaves the total number of semifinished trucks in inventory stable at about 12,000 units.
The value of order intake rose by 1.9 per cent to €6,330.5 million (2018: €6,210.6 million).
Marcus A. Wassenberg took over as Chief Financial Officer on January 1, 2023.
If they are financed using variable-rate instruments, interest-rate derivatives are entered into in order to hedge the interest-rate risk, where it makes commercial sense to do so.
Dematic also expanded its portfolio through a partnership with Google Cloud aimed at accelerating cloud innovations and using these to develop the next generation of warehouse management solutions.
Of this figure, €470.7 million was attributable to land and buildings (December 31, 2022: €445.7 million) and €118.5 million to plant & machinery and office furniture & equipment (December 31, 2022: €97.9 million).
Leases are generally linked to a service contract covering the term of the finance agreement.
Projected KPIs The projected KPIs reflect the Company’s expectations regarding future developments and are therefore forward-looking.
This con-sists only of revenue from contracts with customers as defined by IFRS 15.
A default is defined as the occurrence of a loss event, such as a borrower being in considerable financial difficulties or a contract being breached.
Fair value measurement  The majority of the cash and cash equivalents, financial receivables, trade receivables and trade payables recognized at amortized cost, sundry financial assets and liabilities, and liabilities from accrued interest have short remaining terms to maturity.
This profile is regularly reviewed as part of the Supervisory Board's self-assessment or as necessary.
Let’s start with your last one, Jorge.
The participation of a further group that was due to start the training in 2020 had to be postponed to 2021 due to the coronavirus pandemic.
The intention is to gather ideas, suggestions, and proposals from all employees in order to further develop corporate culture throughout the Group, to initiate changes and to generate sustainable growth for the KION Group.
It is expected that the bulk of the cash payments will be incurred within the next two years after the reporting date.
de C.V.  Monterrey  Mexico  51 & 110  100.0%  100.0%   82  Dematic Trading de Mexico S. de.
In this field, the KION Group operates more than 20 production facilities for industrial trucks and components in nine countries around the world.
We declare that the audit opinions expressed in this auditor’s report are consistent with the additional report to the audit committee pursuant to Article 11 of the EU Audit Regulation (long-form audit report).
The trustees are required to follow a defined investment strategy and investment guidelines.
Workshops, warehouses, and supply facilities are being converted for this purpose.
These reports are documented in a traceable manner and their outcome is monitored.
STILL’s trucks and services  Trucks Services • Counterbalance trucks (incl.
The KPIs used to manage the segments are order intake, revenue, and adjusted EBIT.
Capital expenditure on this project amounted to around €100 million in total.
Further measures during the reporting year focused the system to manage climate performance.
Because if we look at the implications for Q4, let’s say, at the midpoint of the guidance, that would be quite a drastical sequential decline on the EBIT side.
Sundry intangible assets relate in particular to customer relationships amounting to €476.9 million (December 31, 2019: €541.3 million).
The consolidated accounts are drawn up centrally using data from the consolidated subsidiaries.
We’re also having those kinds of discussions with our SCS customers and working to reprice on material things that were just out of -- people did not have those expectations.
after this report of the Supervisory Board has been submitted.
At sites where codetermination arrangements provide for the workforce to be involved in decision-making, the KION Group engages in constructive talks on these matters with the employee representatives.
Instead, it is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 at least once a year, and more frequently if there are indications that the asset might be impaired.
Further information can be found in the section ‘Non-financial performance indicators – Sustainability’ and, in particular, in the Group’s 2022 sustainability report, which will be published in April 2023.
The significantly lower level of net cash used in 2020 had mainly been attributable to the capital increase of €813.3 million carried out in early December 2020, which was used to repay financial debt.
The latter was primarily due to the much lower level of trade payables at the end of the year and the volume-related growth of receivables from customers.
And then secondly, Gordon, probably just a bigger picture one for you, we’re hearing a lot of mixed messages around the issues in the supply chains, not just for the industrial trucks manufacturers, but for broader industrials.
The fair value of the bonus shares to be granted is recognized as an expense and paid into capital reserves over the three-year holding period.
1 HGB and for the tagging of the consolidated financial statements according to Section 328 (1) sentence 4 no.
Corporate bond In 2020, KION GROUP AG launched a corporate bond program (EMTN program) with a total volume of €3 billion.
Development of specialist workers and executives In 2023, the global process introduced in 2017/2018 for performance management and succession planning was implemented once again and content was updated.
If the carrying amount is greater than the recoverable amount, an im-pairment loss is recognized for the equity investment.
No confirmed cases of active corruption by KION Group employees were identified either.
In addition, we assessed whether the entry and clas-sification routines have been appropriate.
Short-term rental agreements usually have a term ranging from a few hours to a year.
If the losses caused by a specific risk and the likelihood of this risk occurring exceed defined limits, KION GROUP AG’s Executive Board and the KION Group’s Corporate Controlling function are notified immediately.
A multi-stage approval process based on an extensive list of criteria ensures that technological, financial, country-specific, currency-specific, and contractual risks are mitigated to the greatest extent possible.
However, the KION Group is continuing to engage in dialog with its customers and is closely monitoring the further course of the coronavirus pandemic and its fallout.
STILL began work on a 24-volt fuel cell system for warehouse trucks that is due on the market in 2023.
In addition, Valeria Jimena Gargiulo joined the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG on May 1, 2023 in the newly created role of Chief People & Sustainability Officer (CPSO) and as Labor Relations Director.
The Company attaches high priority to preventing possible conflicts of interest from occurring in the first place.
So, we had, like you said, promissory notes of €375 million, with maturities up to 7 years, with the bulk in the 5-year period.
If impairment triggers arise during the financial year, an event-driven goodwill impairment test is also carried out during the year.
The payment of a dividend to the shareholders of KION GROUP AG in May 2021 resulted in an outflow of funds of minus €53.7 million (2020: minus €4.7 million).
Manual and automated solutions are provided for all functions to ensure seamless material handling for customers, from goods inward and Multishuttle warehouse systems to picking, automated palletizing, and automated guided vehicle systems.
To this end, the KION Group must anticipate customers’ needs and changing market conditions and has to quickly bring new products to market.
The share of temporary agency workers decreased slightly with a level of below 10 % (as in the previous year) compared to active employees.
Since 2019, the ‘Golden Rules of Occupational Safety’ have provided KION Group managers with centralised instructions to further improve occupational safety in their area of responsibility.
The separate financial statements, consolidated financial statements, combined management report, and non-financial report are discussed by the Audit Committee and then reviewed and approved by the Supervisory Board.
These rules of procedure are published on the  KION GROUP AG website at www.kiongroup.com/Rules-of-Procedure.
So I do believe, at least as things move on, we're able to reallocate part sourcing to other suppliers because we generally have dual sourcing strategy, or we can make some of the parts ourselves.
The critical terms of the hedging instruments and the hedged items are therefore matched.
To increase the efficiency of its work, the Supervisory Board is supported by four standing committees: the Nomination Committee, the Executive Committee, the Audit Committee and the Mediation Committee.
The decrease in the United States was less pronounced.
They will also reduce local emissions such as fine particulate matter, nitrogen oxide (NOX), hydrocarbons (HC), and carbon monoxide (CO), which will be beneficial to the working environment for employees.
In sale and leaseback sub-leases, risks and rewards incidental to the head lease are, in general, substantially borne by the KION Group subsidiaries.
Furthermore, the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG decided that the Group would withdraw from all business in Russia as quickly as possible.
However, these criteria are of a subor-dinate nature when making a final decision on the person to appoint.
Financial services support the sale of new trucks in many markets, forming another pillar of the service business.
Ineffective portions can arise if the critical terms of the hedged item and hedge no longer match; this is determined using the dollar-offset method.
These treasury shares are not dividend-bearing and do not confer any voting rights.
First, we assessed – based on the individual basis of the contracts – whether the projects meet the requirements for revenue recognition according to the percentage of com-pletion method.
Upon measurement of trade receivables, lease receivables, and contract assets subsequent to initial recognition, the KION Group applies the simplified impairment approach of IFRS 9.
Adjusted EBIT was also higher than in the previous year, increasing by 7.7 per cent to €850.5 million.
6 All of Dr Toepfer’s entitlements under the performance share plan have expired because he left the Company on 31 March 2018.
They are either defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution pension plans, or multi-employer ben-efit plans.
His new term of office starts on 1 July 2020 and will continue until 30 June 2025.
Those responsible for data protection and its coordination in the individual subsidiaries report to their respective management.
They were last amended on December 14, 2022.
Project business contracts with a net debit balance due to customers are reported under contract liabilities, as are advances received from customers.
In France, Linde products are sold under the Fenwick brand.
So based on our positive business situation and financial performance year-to-date, which we just explained, at KION Group, we anticipate that we will achieve the already raised targets of 2021.
In the reporting year, the opinions of customers, employees, sup-pliers, and financial and capital market representatives were taken into account to identify and ana-lyze material topics.
Gordon Riske We have a daily corona update call with all factories.
Sundry intangible assets relate in particular to customer relationships amounting to €436.9 million (December 31, 2021: €467.6 million).
It expects an increase in revenue and a significant improvement in both adjusted EBIT and return on capital employed (ROCE) in 2023.
Leases entered into with customers in connection with these financing transactions and that constitute an operating lease relationship, together with the financing of the short-term rental fleet, resulted in interest expense of €35.3 million (2021: €27.5 million).
We believe that the services business will continue to strengthen our resilience and post further strong growth.
The general guideline for all environ-mental activities is provided by the KION HSE policy, which is derived from the KION Group Code of Compliance.
Page 16   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q2 2022 Update Call Transcription  So if you look at the pipeline, what’s the split between e-commerce compared to your other verticals?
Chronic physical risks were analyzed with external partners for first prioritized representative sites using different scenarios in order to discuss impact and mitigation or adaption measures.
Across more than 100 countries worldwide, the KION Group’s logistics solutions improve the flow of material and information within factories, warehouses, and distribution centers.
Due to rounding effects, addition of the individual amounts shown may result in minor rounding differences to the totals.
Anke Groth Yes, and you also asked with respect to the short-term rental fleet.
It does seem feasible, of course, depending on the further development of the epidemic.
The level of these risks is regarded as low due to the KION Group’s business model and to the standards that have already been achieved in the areas of energy-related emissions, occupational health and safety, and supply chain monitoring.
Transcripts from the annual and quarterly conference calls, along with the associated presentations, form part of the extensive information for analysts and investors that is available on the Company’s website.
The Operating Units STILL, Linde MH and Dematic also have academies that run subject-specific and interdisciplinary training courses to develop employees’ skills, particularly in sales and service.
To this end, minuted risk management meetings are held once a quarter.
You add the release of net working capital, €250 million.
The individual Group companies directly manage counterparty risks involving customers.
The relocation of the manufacturing of STILL reach trucks from Hamburg to Stříbro in the Czech Republic is set to be completed in 2023, for example.
The new remuneration system will be presented to the Company’s Annual General Meeting on May 11, 2021 for approval.
It also needs to develop products and solutions that are closely tailored to customers’ needs and environmental requirements now and in the future, and to continually increase the customer benefits provided by its products and services.
Proprietary fuel-cell systems as an alternative to electric drives  We are on track to progress the transition toward sustainable and resource-efficient intralogistics thanks not just to lithium-ion technology but also to hydrogen drive systems.
Diversification of the customer base in terms of industry and region as well as expansion of service activities also play a role in mitigating risk.
As at December 31, 2021, the changes in estimates relating to defined benefit pension entitlements resulted in a €150.9 million increase in equity after deduction of deferred taxes  (December 31, 2020: decrease of €105.5 million).
Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee has four members, all of whom are shareholder representatives and are elected by the shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board.
Quality as a key performance component  NfR: Product safetyQuality is a key component of the promise to deliver the benefits offered by all KION Group products and processes.
It partners with research institutes, universities and companies so that it can go to market with new products and solutions within a short space of time.
Also new to the program are e-learning courses on cybersecurity and antitrust law (the latter from 2022).
As we have flagged before, the adjusted EBIT will continue to be depressed until all lower-margin orders have been worked through.
Capital employed is the working capital that is required.
Company employees regularly participate in the meetings as guests.
KION GROUP AG has issued guarantees to the banks for all of the payment  obligations.
The combined management report contains cross-references that are not provided for by law and which are marked as unaudited.
This outlook is based on the market assumptions of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) with regard to the expected economic fallout from the war in Ukraine, inflation and anti-inflationary measures, and the ongoing consequences of pandemic-related disruptions to supply chains.
Categorization of opportunities ‘Opportunities’ are understood as positive deviations from the expectations set out in the outlook relating to the economic situation and the KION Group’s business situation.
Both internal and external audits are used to systematically monitor how the relevant guidelines are applied.
A large counterbalance could be north of 50,000 bucks.
And if I could just ask another question, you mentioned there about the 9% growth rate in Supply Chain Solutions, but obviously, you’ve also got a midterm growth rate target in ITS of around 5%.
Thus, KION intends to expand the dealer network in the fast-growing Chinese market covering all brand companies.
An ‘Intelligent Experience Center’, where customers can see KION technology in action, was added to this production and development facility last year.
Spending in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment continued to be focused on capital expendi-ture on product development and on the expansion and modernization of production and technology facilities.
The CDP Climate Change score improved to A- (Leadership).
In addition, the KION Group supplies companies of all sizes.
Improving our financial results, revenue, profitability, and free cash flow, is a key focus for us this year.
the duration of the project, in line with the percentage of completion.
It was always fully involved in major decisions affecting the Company from an early stage.
Through their performance, employees create the basis for the Group’s sustainable develop-ment.
Anke will then provide you with a financial update, and we’ll close with a confirmation of our outlook for the full year 2021.
Philippe Lorrain Yes, thanks for taking my questions.
The Supervisory Board believes that, in its current composition, it covers all areas of the profile of skills and expertise with regard to practical experience (skills) and/or professional/academic training and knowledge (expertise).
These actions are already contributing to our performance, and we are focused on their continued and successful execution this year.
Sectoral conditions Based on the KION Group’s assessment, the global material handling market was unable to maintain the relatively high level of growth that it recorded in 2021 (measured by revenue).
The independent auditors review the condensed consoli­dated interim financial statements and condensed interim group management report in the half­year financial report.
A reconciliation of EBITDA to adjusted EBITDA is presented in the > table ‘EBITDA’ (in the section ‘Financial position and financial performance of the KION Group’).
The Company is not under any obligation to update or keep current the information contained in the Presentation.
The capital increase took effect when its implementation was entered in the commercial register at the Wiesbaden local court under HRB 27060 on May 23, 2017.
The first one would be on the global end market outlook.
Assets classified as held for sale were recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position in an amount of €55.2 million (2022: €27.4 million).
This includes both applying the HSE minimum standards and reviewing relevant processes with audits.
The change to the pension benefit conditions resulted in unrecognized past service income of €12.3 million in the year under review, thereby reducing the present value of the defined benefit obligation.
Currency translation gains and losses, divi-dends, valuation allowances for expected and incurred losses, the marking-to-market of derivatives that are not part of a formally documented hedge and other measurement effects are also included in the net gains and losses.
Eastern Europe, KION declined by minus 20% in Q4 compared to a very high base in Q4 2018.
The initial application of these standards and interpretations has had no significant effect on the presentation of the financial position and financial performance of the KION Group.
As regards the number of women appointed to senior management positions in the Company, the Executive Board is striving in its implementation of the new KION 2027 strategy to increase the current proportion of women in management positions.
Goodwill is tested for impairment annually at the level of the operating segments.
Foreign currency exchange rate expenses predominantly arise in connection with foreign currency positions in internal financing and the related hedging transactions that are not part of a formally documented hedge.
They speak only as at the date of the Presentation and the Company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements.
The management report is combined with the group management report.
Assets and liabilities are broken down into current and non-current items in accordance with IAS 1.60.
Other key countermeasures include continuous vulnerability scans of the entire IT infrastructure and regular penetration testing of critical systems.
Considering this, we selected projects based on risk considerations.
In mature markets and, increasingly, in growth regions, the large number of trucks in use also provides a strong base for replacement business and rising demand for services.
These hedges are often accounted for as cash flow hedges in accordance with IFRS 9.
The Group’s order intake of €11,707.6 million was in the lower half of the target range of €11,600 million to €12,500 million.
This may lead to reallocation of the budgets earmarked for the realization of opportunities.
The 2021 Annual General Meeting is scheduled to take place on May 11.
Economic trends within individual customer sectors are another important factor.
Reported EBIT included positive nonrecurring items of €1 million in the past quarter.
The emergence of new coronavirus variants that may prolong the pandemic and lead to further economic difficulties is one of the risks that the IMF sees for the macroeconomic outlook.
Despite the importance of the North American business in the Supply Chain Solutions segment and the prospective growth of business in China, the bulk of revenue continues to be generated in Europe.
The functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment in which a KION Group subsidiary operates.
The assets transferred to the trustee qualify as plan assets within the meaning of IAS 19.
As at December 31, 2022, this network comprised around 2,000 outlets in over 100 countries and was staffed by some 8,700 service employees and a large number of external service engineers.
No conflicts of interest occurred on the Supervisory Board during the year under review.
The total value of order intake rose by 40.9 percent to €8,166.3 million (2020: €5,796.8 million).
Deferred taxes are determined on the basis of the tax rates that will apply at the recovery date, or have been announced, in accordance with the current legal situation in each country concerned.
By con-stantly improving and providing more and highly efficient safety assistance systems the KION Group aims to significantly minimize the risk of environmental or personal, as well as property, damage.
The total dividend  payout rose from approximately €116.8 million to €141.5 million, which equates to a dividend payout rate of around 35 per cent.
The total carrying amount of intangible assets rose to €5,732.5 million (2018: €5,721.6 mil-lion).
Rendering of services Revenue from the rendering of services is recognized on a straight-line basis over the period of performance or in accordance with the proportion of the overall service rendered by the reporting date.
Administrative expenses increased by 10.6 percent year on year, partly due to the implementation of strategic projects, while costs for research and development climbed by 11.4 percent.
The Supply Chain Solutions segment (Dematic) was the biggest provider in the global market for warehouse automation in terms of revenue in 2020.
Name  Registered office  Country  Region  Share-holding 2023  Parent com-pany  Note 81  Linde Material Handling Austria GmbH  Linz  Austria  EMEA  100.00%  3 & 83   82  Linde Material Handling Česká republika s.r.o.
There was a moderate 1.0 percent decrease in selling expenses and administrative expenses compared with 2019.
Accordingly, no assurance is given that such forward-looking statements will prove to have been correct.
According to the IMF, the emerging markets and developing countries saw their economic output decline by 2.4 percent.
The first one is just on what you say positive for the market development in automation.
Revenue also includes revenue from the lease and short-term rental business after deduction of trade discounts and rebates.
The development in the ITS market this year has been in line with what we shared as our expectations that it’d be down high single digits over the course of this year.
Plan adjustments affecting defined benefit obligations resulted in further non-recurring items that amounted to income of €32.7 million.
Some of these  derivative financial instruments are part of a formally documented hedge with a hedged item and are recognised in accordance with the hedge accounting rules (see note [41]).
Other interest and similar income mainly comprised interest income of €169.5 million  (2022: €82.2 million) arising from intercompany receivables.
Opportunity report Principles of opportunity management Opportunity management, like risk management, forms a central part of the Company’s day-to-day management.
EBITDA for the long-term lease business is shown in the section ‘Financial posi-tion and financial performance of the KION Group’.
With respect to the lease applications used, we examined the appropriateness, implementation and, where required, effectiveness of certain IT controls in line with our audit strategy.
In addition, a central coordinating KION Group function monitors the planning of building and plant engineering at the sites to ensure that the minimum energy standards are taken into account.
Page 22   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2019 Update Call Transcription Anke Groth Hi.
Growth at regional level, particularly in the cyclical market for industrial trucks, will again depend heavily on the economic conditions in the main sales markets.
Due to the healthy growth in new business, non-current lease receivables arising from leases with end customers that are classified as finance leases also increased, to €1,701.9 million (December 31, 2022: €1,370.5 million).
This is driving demand for decentralized and smaller warehouse and logistics capacity in urban areas that speeds up delivery times and, due to automated processes, reduces personnel expenses and floor space costs.
The increase was disproportionally high in the APAC region in com-parison to the US market, which is dominated by e-commerce, and to the EMEA market.
Certain industry, market and competitive position data contained in this Presentation, if any, come from official or third party sources.
With the “X”-series Linde Material Handling offers electric forklifts whose high performance and ro-bustness can be used as a genuine alternative to internal combustion trucks.
Earnings The adjusted EBIT of the Industrial Trucks & Services segment rose by €224.6 million to €536.0 million (2020: €311.4 million).
The shares were allocated on the basis of an allocation value in euros specified in each Executive Board member’s service contract.
The changes to the pension benefit conditions in Germany resulted in unrecognized past service income of €12.3 million in the reporting year (2021: €32.7 million).
He has delegated the  performance of compliance duties to the Chief Compliance Officer.
Now, almost half of it includes price adjustment clauses.
Any unexpected de-velopments in the global economy would result in the KION Group’s and KION GROUP AG’s per-formance and profits differing significantly from those forecast below.
It also held an Analyst Day, at which it presented Dematic’s project business and provided insights into the KION Group’s digital activities.
million (December 31, 2021: €1,022.1 million) were provided to customers for their use.
The next phase is aimed at incorporating the results of the categorisation into the gen-eral risk assessment of series suppliers.
The Group also mitigates any losses from defaults by its receipt of the proceeds from the sale of repossessed industrial trucks.
The counterparty risk inherent in the leasing business continues to be insignificant.
Both the project business (business solutions) and downstream ser-vices (customer services) have contributed to this expansion.
Risks for which financial impact is measured are quantified on the basis of their likelihood of occurring and the extent of the losses that would be incurred were they to do so.
Capital expenditure includes additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment (excluding right-of-use assets related to procurement leases) and is shown in >  TABLE  115.
It is designed for a capacity of up to 40,000 industrial trucks and supports the strengthening of the Group’s market position in the fast-growing value segment.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
Page 26   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2019 Update Call Transcription  Akash Gupta Thank you.
The KION Group makes further information available at the Annual General Meeting, during regular conference calls for analysts and investors, in press releases, on the Company’s website, and on social media.
The partnership was agreed upon in 2020 and underpinned by the acquisition of a minority stake.
Profitability and resilience are supported by the decisive steps we took in both operating segments.
The effects on cash from changes in exchange rates are shown separately.
I see us in an environment where we need to manage things carefully, and our dividend policy -- we had a dividend policy of 25% to 40% of net income being paid out at dividends.
If the losses caused by a specific risk or the likelihood of this risk occurring exceed a defined limit, KION GROUP AG’s Executive Board and KION Group’s Corporate Controlling function are notified immediately.
With the exception of income and expenses recognized as other comprehensive income, equity is recognized at historical rates.
And we expect corona more to affect us during Q1.
If the residual carrying amount is greater than the recoverable amount, an impairment loss is recognized for an asset.
Detailed tables according to the Taxonomy Regulation are available in the Annex (Further disclosure on EU Taxonomy).
7 Service cost in accordance with IFRS (the service cost in accordance with the HGB is shown in table 035).
Adjusted EBITDA declined to €1,042.8 million (2019: €1,409.5 million), giving an adjusted EBITDA margin of 18.3 percent (2019: 22.0 percent).
The Supervisory Board appointed Hasan Dandashly for four years and Andreas Krinninger for three years as additional members of the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG with effect from the start of 2021.
The future development of KION GROUP AG and its subsidiaries and the results that are actually achieved are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual events or results to differ significantly from those reflected in the forward-looking statements.
Any help you could give us that -- aside from pricing, what measures do you have to protect that bottom line?
–STILL, a provider of forklift trucks, warehouse trucks and intralogistics systems, is a leading innovator in its field and has a particular focus on the European and Latin American markets.
As there is no foreseeable end to their useful life, the brand names are not amortized.
The KION Group mitigates research and development risk by focusing firmly on customer benefit in its development of products and solutions.
Poznań  Poland  EMEA  100.00%  11   26  Dematic Pte.
A general slowdown in economic activity was observed in the fourth quarter of 2022.
Procurement risk increased in 2020 as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.
The Executive Board is authorized to determine that shareholders can cast their votes in writing or by means of electronic communication (absentee voting).
The KION Group believes that interest in automated and digital solutions increased again in 2022 because they help to make intralogistics processes safer and more resilient.
Other obligations included provisions for risks arising from lease business, for waste disposal and recycling obligations, and for litigation.
For sale and lease back sublease contracts con-cluded after 31 December 2017, the transaction is classified as a finance lease.
This involves not only the design of the business processes, but also the risk management and control processes.
Visitors entering a KION Group site must familiarize themselves with the necessary safety instructions – for example, emergency plans, first aid measures, work permits or the safe handling of machinery and equipment.
Executive Board The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG is responsible for the operational management of the KION Group and had four members in 2020.
Digitalization When it came to the digitalization of customer solutions, the focus was on development projects relating to digital solutions for warehouse automation.
At the time that this combined management report was prepared, all known risks were reflected in the outlook for 2023.
The first question I have is on the margin objective, the 10% margin target by 2027.
It may also sell the shares in return for a non-cash consideration, in particular in connection with the acquisition of a business, parts of a business, or equity investments.
In the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, revenue generated from external customers went up by 12.9 percent.
A significant year-on-year increase in adjusted EBIT (IFRS) is therefore anticipated for 2024.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 116 Annual report 2022  Employee commitment All KION Group’s companies aim to ensure a high level of employee commitment.
We are thus setting the course for our medium- and long-term growth.
The Group’s financing takes the form of variable-rate and fixed-rate financial liabilities.
Potential interest-rate hikes in advanced economies may result in risks to financial stability and to capital flows, currencies, and the financial situation in emerging markets and developing countries.
We will come back to the market with a new outlook for the year once we have better visibility.
In sale and leaseback transactions, industrial trucks are sold to financing partners in accordance with civil law, immediately leased back, and then provided for use to end customers.
In the reporting year, there were no confirmed cases of corruption or bribery at the KION Group.
Copper prices maintained their sharp upward trend from the prior year.
The rise was predominantly attributable to the increase in foreign currency exchange rate gains.
With close to 50% of revenue, services also contributed to the strong revenue level.
Non-current and current liabilities from the leasing business rose to €2,739.3 million as at December 31, 2020 (December 31, 2019: €2,495.0 million).
Health and safety in the workplace The KION Group attaches great importance to the health and safety of its employees.
But to be very straightforward, it’s very difficult to predict how a gas crisis, a gas shortage, a significant reduction of gas will affect the entire supply chain.
The New Energy Systems department brings together the KION Group’s knowledge and skills relating to current and future drive technologies.
The financial statements of foreign equity-accounted investments are also translated using the method described above.
They were last amended on December 14, 2022.
Customers range from large key accounts with global operations to small and medium-sized enterprises that typically order just a few trucks each year.
You know that we normally do have a range of 1.5% to 2%, which is our normal price increase.
Many of these factors are beyond the control of KION GROUP AG and its subsidiaries and therefore cannot be precisely predicted.
But there was a definite good rebound from Q3 to Q4 on the order intake.
Within the Americas region, the Supply Chain Solutions segment recorded steady revenue growth in its key sales market of North America, despite delays to projects.
Three other projects were taking place at various KION Group sites as at the end of 2021.
Our Q2 procurement costs for materials, energy, and logistics intensified further versus the first quarter.
So as we had lower pureplay e-commerce last year, there’ll be less execution on pureplay e-commerce this year.
It’s clearly good that you guys are paying a dividend.
The electric forklift trucks were also nominated for the Design prize of the German Sustainability Awards (DNP).
The amount of deferred tax assets recognized in the statement of financial position decreased to €449.3 million as at December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020: €494.9 million).
Other changes in the equity of associates and joint ventures are recognized in other comprehensive income in the consolidated financial statements in proportion to the Group’s interest in the associate or joint venture.
Hans Peter Ring, who has been a member of the Supervisory Board since June 2013, was elected as chairman of the Supervisory Board immediately after the Annual General Meeting.
If necessary, the compliance management sys-tem is modified to counter future violations.
The details of this report were discussed thoroughly at the Supervisory Board meeting on 2 March 2020 when it was adopted.
Depreciation of property, plant, and equipment is recognized on a straight-line basis and reported under functional costs.
The risk matrix below showing the relevant probabilities of occurrence and levels of risk from the Group’s perspective remained unchanged compared with the end of 2021.
Going forward, the KION Group intends to fill more management positions internationally in order to better fulfill the continually growing requirements placed on the Company.
Leases are generally linked to a service contract covering the term of the finance agreement.
However, the associated revenue growth was delayed to 2021 due to postponements in the completion of projects and restrictions in the supply chain.
This equates to an 8.55 percent rise in the Company’s share capital in existence on the effec-tive date and at the time of use of the 2017 Authorized Capital.
Last year, 20 central HSE audits were carried out within the KION Group.
Due to the high transaction volume in connection with the various contract types, any errors in this area may considerably affect the consolidated financial statements.
The free float accounted for 53.4 percent of the shares, while the remaining 0.1 percent were treasury shares.
The operator of the new plant will be KION (Jinan) Forklift Co., Ltd., which was established with Weichai Power Co., Ltd. at the start of 2020 and in which the KION Group holds a 95.0 percent stake.
Upon initial recognition, financial liabilities in the AC category are carried at fair value, including any directly attributable transaction costs.
The combination of smaller order volumes and more frequent orders requires efficient and automated solutions.
Like the Group-wide standards, these rules and regulations are continuously adapted to new conditions.
KION shares end 2023 with a strong gain In 2023, KION shares were able to recoup some of the substantial losses that they had suffered in the previous year.
It also handles individual orders for repairs and maintenance work as well as for spare parts.
As well as adding new products and capacities, we are also forging ahead with the expansion of our global sales and service network, particularly in Asia.
Non-current and current liabilities from the short-term rental business, which totaled €505.6 million (December 31, 2019: €615.8 million), declined in line with the contraction of the short-term rental fleet.
their right to speak and their right to vote.
One further new collaborative project, CampusOS, was started in 2022.
3 The contractual allocation value of the performance share plan on the date of grant was recognised pro rata from the date of appointment to the Executive Board (1 June 2018).
The basis for decision-making includes sensitivity analyses of interest-rate risk positions in key currencies.
Due to the coronavirus pandemic, Executive Board members often had to take part in meetings via video conference in the reporting year.
Industrial Trucks & ServicesIn 2019, order numbers in the global market for industrial trucks fell by 2.1 per cent year on year to around 1.5 million trucks.
The service business, meanwhile, is more stable than the product business as it is linked to the installed base of trucks over their entire lifetime.
If KION shares outperform the MDAX by 6.67 percent and the ROCE targets defined each year on the basis of the budget are achieved, total target achievement will be 100 percent.
Specific solutions, such as micro-fulfillment, help Dematic to further consolidate its position in major customer sectors, including gen-eral merchandise, grocery wholesale and retail, fashion, food and beverage manufacturing, and parcel and courier services.
The chairman of the Supervisory Board does not have a casting vote on the candidates proposed.
To this end, the KION Group is setting up an information and analysis system that records relevant data and information for effective supply chain management with regard to the main purchasing and material items.
But with the products that you can deliver in six weeks, so the visibility is quite a bit shorter.
All of this shows that we are able to maintain our course, even in such choppy waters.
11, 2021  Hasan Dandashly  Executive Board  Share  Purchase  1,000  €78.31  €78,312.22 Mar.
CP will continue to be responsible for ITS in the APAC region on our Executive Board and will transfer responsibility for the ITS Americas segment to Mike Larsson.
The foreign-currency forwards used as hedges will mature in 2023 at the latest.
If you want, allow me to maybe give you some sort of a bridge that might help you actually coming from the other end, which is maybe starting from the reported EBIT, which is roundabout €450 million.
The basis for decision-making in-cludes sensitivity analyses of interest-rate risk positions in key currencies.
NitraSlovakia23 & 120100.00%100.00%108 Linde Viličar d.o.o.
In the Supply Chain Solutions segment, the KION Group entered into an agreement in July 2021 to acquire 49.0 percent of the share capital and voting rights in a leading provider of warehouse and supply chain automation solutions in India.
Adjusted EBITDA decreased to €32.2 million (2021: €476.6 million); the adjusted EBITDA margin was just 0.8 percent (2021: 12.6 percent).
order intake, revenue) for the reporting period excluding the effects of changes in exchange rates.
This change was due to the much poorer earnings situation of the tax group last year and to the effects of a reassessment of tax circumstances from previous years.
The Group’s focus on sustainability is reflected in its efforts to manufacture products that are as eco-friendly and safe as possible, to use climate- and environmentally friendly manufacturing processes, and to provide a safe and non-discriminatory working environment.
The KION Group’s net working capital jumped to €1,192.0 million as at December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020: €984.5 million) owing to the good level of orders on hand and the ongoing global supply bottlenecks.
For long-term construction contracts in the Supply Chain Solu-tions segment, services that have already been rendered are deducted from the total value of the contract with the customer.
Free cash flow during the full year 2019 was €568 million and exceeded the high prior-year level.
We expect and have noticed, in the first months of this year, continued momentum from Q4 but not at the rate that we saw in Q4.
In the period before the industrial truck is returned, it is depreciated on a straight-line basis until the amount expected to be paid upon return is reached.
The financial assets largely comprised the carrying amounts of the equity investments in Dematic Holdings GmbH (€2,862.2 million) and Linde Material Handling GmbH (€1,368.4 million).
The methodology applied was regularly examined by TÜV Rheinland.
Projected KPIs The projected KPIs reflect the Company’s expectations regarding future developments and are therefore forward-looking.
KION GROUP AG controls a subsidiary if it has decision-making power over the main activities of the entity and can use this power to affect the amount of the variable returns to which it is exposed as a result of the equity investment.
We’re watching those very carefully, and they’re part of our planning process.
The payment of taxes totaling minus €216.8 million (2019: minus €191.6 million), resulting mainly from the Company’s strong prof-itability in 2019, was also a factor.
Rob Smith No, Akash, I ask you to please understand our commercial agility and our operational agility are very important for our company.
This has the potential to impact negatively on the KION Group’s business.
Yes, the market in ITS was still very strong in the first half of last year and then cooled down, as you see in the market numbers for Q3 and also our expectations for the market for Q4.
Besides others, the main reasons for this are climate change and the legal requirements designed to prevent it.
The target achievement levels for the weighted targets (adjusted EBIT and free cash flow) are added together to give the total target achievement.
To support customers in choosing the right technology for them, LMH EMEA has added new solutions and tools to its existing range of consulting services.
This may lead to reallocation of the budgets earmarked for the realization of opportunities.
The increase was due to the rights issue carried out in December 2020.
The impairment losses on property, plant, and equipment are reported under other expenses.
Despite the regionalization of some supply chains as a result of the coronavirus pandemic, the globalization of many sectors continues to be one of the main over-arching growth drivers.
In particular, the Company may retire the treasury shares or sell them through a stock exchange or by means of an offer to all shareholders.
Across more than 100 countries worldwide, the KION Group’s logistics solutions improve the flow of material and information within factories, warehouses, and distribution centers.
And when we do so, we plan to also address our medium-term targets.
Cash and cash equivalents rose from €175.3 million as at 31 December 2018 to €211.2 million as at 31 December 2019.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 101 Annual report 2022  In addition, it uses derivatives to hedge currency risk.
This investment project has been supported by funding from the German Federal Ministry for Digital and Transport.
SzczecinPoland14100.00%–[2]91 Linde Material Handling Polska Sp.
In addition, data-based analysis software will enable the KION Group’s customers to reduce energy costs and promote the achievement of sustainability targets through flexible procurement on the energy mar-kets and the optimal use of energy.
KION is also an industry partner in the European research project IMOCO4.E, which aims to significantly expand the autonomous capabilities of vehicles and open up a broader field of applications in the human-machine production environment.
BarcelonaSpain110100.00%100.00%112 Linde Material Handling Ibérica, S.A.U.
As the KION Group can only adjust its fixed costs to fluctuations in demand to a limited extent and with a delay, reductions in revenue impact on earnings.
Under KEEP 2019, the KION Group will bear the cost of one KION share (free share) in each of the first seven share packages that an employee takes up.
Preparations to end the audit work of the current auditors, Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Munich, and for the audit work to be taken over by the new auditors were made in the second half of 2022.
And in case I push my luck too much at this point, any comments on current trading into October in absolute terms would be highly appreciated.
The annual tranches promised under the plan have a term (performance period) of three years and are paid at the end of the term, provided the defined targets have been achieved.
Coslada  Spain  EMEA  100.00%  17   21  Dematic Logistics de Mexico S. de R.L.
In line with this strategy, our Hamburg-based brand STILL opened its fourth European refurbishment center in Turkey a couple days ago, following sites in Germany, Poland, and Italy.
We examined the appropriateness of the internal controls’ design and implementation regarding the estimation of the percentage of completion and continued review of contract costs.
Customers’ satisfaction with the products and services of the KION Group is highlighted by the long-term nature of customer relationships and the high proportion of repeat business.
The €39.6  million rise in provisions to €125.1  million was mainly the result of additions in tax provisions and to the provi-sions for share-based remuneration and short-term incentives.
The transaction costs of €10.2 million (after tax) that were directly attributable to the capital increase were recognized under capital reserves.
The Executive Board provided the Supervisory Board with regular written and oral reports on the Company’s economic position and on material business transactions, both during meetings and between meetings.
However, the proportion of the segment’s external revenue generated by the service business fell to 20.5 percent (2020: 26.1 percent) due to the above-average rise in revenue attributable to business solutions.
The Supervisory Board also deliberated on the strategic significance of the Company-wide transformation and digitalization project and on the progress with its implementation.
Approval of the Executive Board remuneration system The Supervisory Board recognizes the particular significance of appropriate, performance-based, and transparent remuneration arrangements for the Executive Board.
The purchase consideration for these shares was approx-imately €3.3 million.
In this context, the KION Group is integrating software into its solutions and increasingly marketing software solutions as standalone products.
The pro-rata expense calculation based on the fair value of the phantom shares on each valuation date is carried out using Monte Carlo simulation.
Gains and losses arising from the disposal of interests are also recognised in equity, provided there is no change in control.
Nevertheless, the individual activities could create positive effects that exceed expectations.
A total of around 84 percent of the share capital was represented.
Page 7, we’ll see the key financials for the ITS segment.
The Executive Board subsequently approved the strategy as binding.
In 2022, 98 percent of the employees were trained on the topic of occupational safety (2021: 98 percent).
On cross-border issues, the European Works Council represents the interests of employees in the Eu-ropean Union.
However, this share is to be regarded as the minimum.
Executive Board The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG is responsible for the operational management of the KION Group.
I understand that the increase in size obviously could be -- could explain part of this in one quarter, but what are the conversations you’re having with clients?
The precise aim is to prepare internal candidates for management positions to accomplish the tasks and challenges of the KION Group’s future.
Management positions are predominantly filled with talented employees who are recruited from within the Group and, to this end, have received support and skills training.
Default risk is limited by diversifying business partners based on certain credit ratings.
Marcus Wassenberg So basically, we’re seeing shipments coming from the order backlog.
Contract balances Contract assets mainly relate to goods and services provided in the project business that have not yet been billed.
It is also stepping up its multi-brand strategies on the sales side.
And so, we keep a good watching eye on that.
The prospective and retrospective effectiveness of hedges is measured using a regression analysis with historical data.
The use of lithium-ion batteries in drive technology is at the heart of our research and development activities.
Sustainable procurement                                                                          102-9The KION Group’s purchasing organisation is strategically managed centrally and operates with a cross-brand and cross-regional material group structure.
The additional benefits were measured at the value calculated for tax purposes.
The KION Group’s diversified and well-balanced customer structure and long-standing customer relationships, combined with the way it is benefiting from global growth trends, are key factors that explain why it is relatively resilient to economic turbulence and external market disruptions.
Default risk is limited by diversifying business partners based on certain credit ratings.
The reported revenue of €47.2 million (2018: €30.5 million) largely arose from the performance of services for affiliated companies.
Thank you very much to the both of you.
Any of these risks that have a measurable financial impact are incorporated into an existing risk category as appropriate.
The Executive Board develops the Company’s strategy, discusses it with the Supervisory Board, and ensures that it is implemented.
The KION Group was represented by its brand companies at various other trade fairs as well, such as CeMAT AUSTRALIA, the Logistics Summit in Hamburg, and ACHEMA, the world’s leading trade show for the process industry.
2 Or equivalent standards  Establishing a permanent health and safety culture The KION Group strives to create a behavior-based safety culture that minimizes risks to physical and mental health such as work-related injuries, occupational illnesses or overexertion.
For ex-ample, the finance talent management program focuses on diversity criteria when nominating po-tential candidates and thus, fosters diversity in the finance organization.
The Group-wide HSE network of experts ensures that knowledge is shared and best practices rolled out throughout the Group.
At the same time, the threat level is also becoming more acute, as both the number of attacks and their potential to cause damage have increased in recent years.
Through the SBTi, KION has enshrined its long-term goal of reaching net-zero greenhouse gas emissions along its value chain (scopes 1, 2, and 3) by 2050, and set related interim goals up to 2030.
Like what was full year order intake from pureplay ecommerce companies in 2022 versus 2021?
There is also the risk of further inflation following the sharp price rises seen in 2022 and of a potential destabilization of the international financial markets if interest rates rise and a debt crisis unfolds in emerging markets and developing countries.
Compliance The Executive Board and Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG consider that adhering rigorously to broad-ranging compliance standards is essential to the Company’s sustained financial success.
Although the KION Group managed to reduce the level of orders on hand over the twelve-month period, the order book was still at the high level of €6,362.1 million as at the reporting date (December 31, 2022: €7,077.8 million).
Further details of Executive Board remuneration, including the individual amounts for each member, are presented in KION GROUP AG’s separate 2022 remuneration report, which will be made available on the KION Group website.
If the cost of acquisition is lower than the fair value of the acquiree’s net assets, the negative goodwill is recog-nized in profit or loss.
The decrease was due to the poorer earnings situation of the tax group in 2020.
The additional benefits were measured at the value calculated for tax purposes.
The amount is significantly lower than in the prior year because of the deterioration in earnings and free cash flow.
However, the latter is likely to be sig-nificantly lower than the exceptionally strong growth seen in 2020.
The current corporate income tax rate in Germany is 15.0 percent plus a solidarity surcharge (5.5 percent of corporate income tax).
It also prepares all Supervisory Board resolutions required in this regard, especially in connection with the Executive Board members’ variable remuneration components (setting of targets and target achievement for the short-term and long-term bonuses).
The Executive Committee holds four regular meetings per year.
But it’d have more impact next year.
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in euros, which is the Group’s presentation cur-rency.
The figure for 2020 had been influenced by high non-tax-deductible expenses and by losses that could not be utilized for tax purposes owing to the level of earnings.
The gross margin was squeezed by the effects of higher material prices and logistics costs, inefficiencies resulting from supply and resource bottlenecks, and the relatively small increase in volumes in the high-margin service business in the SCS segment.
A certain German union is looking at 7% to 8% wage increases starting in October.
Although demand for services is less cyclical than new business with industrial trucks, it correlates with the degree of utilization of the trucks and systems, which usually declines during difficult economic periods.
Energy use as a main driver                             NfR: Location-specific greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions                                            302-1, 305-1, 305-2, 305-3, 305-7The main driver of greenhouse gas emissions in the KION Group is the use of energy (Table 8).
The information and opinions contained in this Presentation do not purport to be comprehensive, are provided as at thedate of the document and are subject to change without notice.
In addition, the executive directors are responsible for such internal control as they have determined necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
The products and services of subsidiaries in the KION Group have to comply with the specific legal requirements in their respective markets.
So that will be one of the challenges is getting enough people and the capacities to keep up with the growth.
So firstly, within the 6% organic revenue growth that was posted in Q2, how much of that 6% was volume, and how much was pricing?
It contains the KION Group’s separate non-financial Group report as required under Germany’s CSR Directive Implementation Act (CSR-RUG).
The supply chain risks for 2024 are regarded as manageable based on the prevailing market conditions.
The identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are measured at their fair value.
KION GROUP AG controls a subsidiary if it has decision-making authority over the main activities of the entity and can use this authority to affect the amount of the variable returns to which it is exposed as a result of the equity investment.
The proportion of the KION Group’s total workforce made up of women was slightly higher at 17.8 percent in 2022, compared with 17.1 percent in 2021.
Global online trade (B2C) has expanded at an average rate of 16 percent per annum in recent years (2017 to 2023) according to research institute eMarketer (eMarketer, June 2023).
While it will take longer for list price increases on new trucks to flow through, the margin quality of the backlog benefitted from recent list price increases.
Net payments for acquisitions had amounted to minus €17.0 million in 2021; the equivalent figure for the year under review was minus €4.9 million.
Our response to the changing situation since March 2020 has been rapid and thorough, particularly when it comes to protecting our employees’ health, which is our highest priority.
The compact design of the fully automated system means that fulfilment cen-tres can be installed close to the end consumer, which brings down delivery times even further.
The KION Group complied with all the obligations in this regard in the reporting year.
either directly or by way of intermediate benefit arrangements.
Because, at least for the German workforce, I would imagine that this could be a topic next year.
Processes 05 | Climate and energy The worldwide efforts to limit global warming and corresponding challenges for the planet demand active and forward-looking climate-related action from the KION Group.
[41] Financial risk reporting Capital management One of the prime objectives of capital management is to ensure liquidity at all times.
[4] Basis of consolidation KION GROUP AG’s equity investments consist of subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates, and fi-nancial investments.
Details on the type and amount of contribution by the KION Group in the reporting year are available in the Annex (Table 36).
When liabilities from procurement leases are initially measured, the lease payments not yet made are discounted at an interest rate implicit in the lease.
Free cash flow is shown in the > table ‘Core key performance indicators’ in this section.
The associates and joint ventures can be seen in the list of shareholdings (see note [49]).
The specification of this type of target is required by Germany’s ‘Act for the equal participation of women and men in managerial  positions in the private and public sectors’.
The Annual General Meeting in 2022 was, as in 2021, held as a virtual event without the physical presence of the shareholders or their proxies due to the special circumstances created by the ongoing coronavirus pandemic.
For example, procedures are in place to validate and log access to the Group’s infrastructure.
In doing so, the Supervisory Board took account of the Company’s financial situation and performance, its medium-term financial and capital-expenditure planning, and the interests of the shareholders.
In 2020, the Supervisory Board therefore defined what it considers to be an adequate number of independent Supervisory Board members.
Page 27   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q3 2023 Update Call Transcription Rob Smith Yes, I did describe a general trend.
The payment of taxes totaling minus €216.8 million (2019: minus €191.6 million), resulting mainly from the Company’s strong  profitability in 2019, was also a factor.
Up-to-date ratings from CDP, EcoVadis, FTSE Russell ESG, ISS ESG, MSCI ESG, S&P Global CSA, Sustainalytics ESG Risk Rating and Vigeo Eiris ESG can be found on the corporate website.
The improvement in this KPI was partly due to the smaller rise in capital employed at the end of 2019 relative to the increase in revenue.
In the year under review, Germany and other regions of importance to our Company experienced a third wave of coronavirus before a brief spell of falling case numbers in the summer followed by a fourth wave at the end of the year.
The Executive Board maintains a relationship of trust with, and is monitored by, the Company’s Supervisory Board.
And consequently, we expect a high single-digit decline for the ITS market in China in the full year, whereas the market for Supply Chain Solutions is marked by long-term strategic decisions and therefore less cyclical.
Order intake in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment is expected to be lower than in 2021 due to an anticipated decline in the global market for industrial trucks.
In the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, at least 75 percent of the currency risk related to the planned operating cash flows based on liquidity planning is normally hedged by currency forwards in accord-ance with the risk management policy.
The 2018 tranche expired on December 31, 2020 and will be paid out in the first quarter of 2021.
Continued investment in global growth The KION Group continued with its ongoing growth projects according to plan in 2021, with some already completed successfully.
In 2021, revenue of €1,634.8 million (2020: €892.7 million) was generated from one single external customer and predominantly in the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
Providing support for the expansion of the sustainability management system will be a particular priority here.
Initial value of the KION share (60-days average)  €71.20  €57.79 Initial value of the MDAX (60-days average)  28,518.18 pts.
China exceeded this rate of growth with an increase of 8.1 percent, which was driven by strong exports and rising domestic demand.
He played a key role in the KION Group’s transformation from a European industrial truck manufacturer into one of the world’s leading providers of intralogistics and automation solutions.
Consequently, they involve a number of risks and uncertainties.
The shift in the relevant yield curves was simulated to assess interest-rate risk.
23,000 KION Group employees covered by collective bargaining agree-ments at the end of 2020.
In addition, the Operating Units have extensive used truck and rental truck businesses, allowing peaks in capacity requirements to be met and customers to be supported after their leases have expired.
Based on this analysis, which was limited to data of KION Group companies, there would have been no notable additional tax expense in the relevant countries if MinStG had been required to be applied in respect of the 2023 financial year.
There’s still quite a bit of appropriate R&D going on in ITS and SCS.
And they are placing orders in Europe with us.
Interest-rate risks arising on the variable-rate tranches of the promissory note were hedged by en-tering into a number of interest-rate swaps, thereby transforming the variable interest-rate exposure into fixed-rate obligations.
In addition, each of the main risks for current planning is analyzed and discussed at all levels as part of the regular business review meetings.
Regular certifications and corresponding audits contribute to maintaining standards and help identify possible improvements.
Its chairman is always the chairman of the Supervisory Board.
In addition, they are responsible for financial reporting based on the going concern basis of accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or there is no realistic alternative but to do so.
The interest income is recognized under financial income and is spread over the term of the lease in order to ensure a constant return on the outstanding net investment in the lease.
The risks involved in the process of ramping up new production sites remained insignificant in the reporting year and are minimised by means of project management and contractual provisions.
These are offset by gains and losses on the change in the fair value of the hedged lease receivables, which result in an adjustment in profit or loss of the carrying amount of the hedged item in net financial income/expenses.
For the sake of these stakeholders, KION GROUP AG strives for an appropriate ratio of internal funding to borrowing.
Moreover, conditions in the commodity markets typically affect component prices after a delay of no more than three to six months.
As a responsible employer, the KION Group focuses on preventing accidents and occupational illnesses as much as possible, as well as safeguarding each individual’s long-term capacity to work.
The plan set out in the agreement is for the KION Group to then acquire the remaining 51.0 percent of the shares in two further tranches by 2025.
However, the strength of the service business meant that order intake increased none-theless.
For example, a variable-rate tranche of the promissory note that was due to mature in 2024 and had a nominal amount of €167.0 million was repaid ahead of schedule at the end of April 2021.
Ltd.  Singapore  Singapore  APAC  100.00%  84   82  Linde Material Handling Austria GmbH  Linz  Austria  EMEA  100.00%  84 & 4   83  Linde Material Handling Česká republika s.r.o.
The Remuneration Committee focuses mainly on issues relating to the Executive Board’s remuneration but also deals with the annual remuneration report and the preparations for the report’s approval by the Annual General Meeting.
3 The figure shown for multiple-year variable remuneration is for the actual amount paid out, which may differ from the estimated value listed in the 2018 consolidated financial statements.
The KION Group is predicting a high single-digit percentage decline in the number of new industrial trucks ordered in 2022 following a very strong year for this market in 2021.
The KION Group maintains a liquidity reserve in the form of cash and a revolving credit facility in order to ensure long-term financial flexibility and solvency.
Some mem-bers of this group have already been promoted to a senior management position.
The auditors were appointed by the chairman of the Supervisory Board on June 2, 2021.
The table below shows the pension contributions (additions to the plan) attributable to each individ-ual Executive Board member and their separate present values in accordance with IFRS and HGB.
And that means we have no change to our midterm targets, which we announced last year.
The assignment to the various categories can be found in note [40].
Various technical and organizational measures protect the data of the KION Group and the Group companies against unauthorized access, misuse, and loss.
Building on the prepa-rations carried out in 2019 and supported by an external, independent remuneration consultant, the working group drew up the broad outline for the updated Executive Board remuneration system over five sessions.
This requires the Group to continually develop products that meet customer expectations and comply with changing regulatory and technological requirements.
This equates to an 8.55 percent rise in the Company’s share capital in existence on the effective date and at the time of use of the 2017 Authorized Capital.
Moreover, predictions of higher volumes and margins may lead to overcapacity, which would put increased pressure on prices.
As at December 31, 2021, outstanding lease payments with a present value of €654.4 million  (December 31, 2020: €500.4 million) were available as collateral for liabilities from the lease business.
On June 16, 2023, the KION Group signed an agreement for the sale of the Industrial Trucks & Services segment’s business in Russia as part of a management buyout.
The focus in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment was on the expansion and modernization of production and technology facilities.
Discarding fewer products means obtaining fewer materials and is better for the environment and the economy in the long run.
Gordon Riske Well, we turn orders down all the time.
The KION Group mitigates its liquidity risk and interest-rate risk attaching to the lease business by ensuring that most of its transactions and funding loans have matching maturities and by constantly updating its liquidity planning.
Other financial investments comprise long-term investments that are held in order to cover the de-fined benefit obligation and do not qualify as plan assets.
He succeeded Dr. Eike Böhm, who retired on  June 30, 2021.
Leases are generally linked to a service contract covering the term of the finance agreement.
Christian Harm So indeed, we are seeing a very good development of the free cash flow across the 3 quarters so far throughout the year, and evidently, that’s driven by the earnings that we are having.
The system and the methods applied are refined on an ongoing basis and are regularly assessed to ensure they are functioning as intended.
This may lead to reallocation of the budgets earmarked for the realization of opportunities.
The new plant will be used to manufacture items such as racks for the Dematic Multishuttle system, components for automated guided vehicle systems, and conveyor belts and systems.
Accordingly, a liability related to financial services is recognised in addition to an asset.
Our observation year-to-date is that the market is performing in line with our expectations of being down high single digits.
They relate to services that are still to be provided but for which prepayments from customers have been received.
And in 2020, we paid €10 million for the acquisition of the minority state in EP Equipment.
The task in-cludes general qualification and development programs as well as individual talent management.
Adjusted EBITDA increased to €1,409.5  million (2018: €1,340.2 million).
RemunerationThe remuneration paid to the Executive Board comprises a fixed salary and non-cash benefits, pension entitlements and perfor-mance-related components.
The agreed financial covenant involves ongoing testing of adherence to a defined maximum level of leverage.
The impairment test is conducted at the level of the operating entities, which represent the cash-generating units, by determining the corresponding realisa-ble amount and comparing that realisable amount with the corresponding carrying value.
And we see the adjustment or the rebalancing, if you will, in e-commerce is a temporary piece, temporary phenomenon, and we expect it to get back on a growth path in the quarters or the couple years to come.
Despite the expected downturn in the macroeconomic environment, the risk that customers will cancel or postpone orders has not, in the assessment of the KION Group, significantly increased.
However, KION was slightly lagging behind the market, which was mainly driven by an even stronger demand for smaller warehouse equipment.
Cost of sales The cost of sales comprises the cost of goods sold and services rendered, costs arising from project business contracts, and revenue-related costs from the lease and short-term rental business.
with a combination of attendance in person and telephone / video conferencing).
I think it’s important -- and I’m glad you asked the question because there is no reversion to old times.
The Annual General Meeting on May 11, 2017 voted to create authorized capital that will enable the KION Group to meet its funding needs quickly and flexibly.
There is still a lot of cash Page 4   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2022 Update Call Transcription tied up in working capital, and we expect to further unwind some of that this year.
It is responsible for managing the Company in the Company’s interest, i.e.
Leases entered into with cus-tomers in connection with these financing transactions and that constitute an operating lease rela-tionship, together with the financing of the short-term rental fleet, resulted in interest expense of €22.5 million (2019: €23.3 million).
We’ve found alternatives and put some plans in place and some capex in place to enable us to do all the heating needs without the gas and use the gas only for the drying process.
The auditors reviewed this report and issued an auditors’ report.
So that it can ensure security of supply and the availability of spare parts for important components in order to meet customers’ specific requirements, the segment manufactures major components itself, notably lift masts, axles, counterweights, and safety equip-ment.
The long-term growth rate used for Dematic was 1.3 percent (2020: 1.3 percent).
This has created a staggered board structure, thereby helping to ensure the continuity of the Supervisory Board’s work.
For example, serious breaches of the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) can lead to fines of up to 4 percent of the previous year’s revenue.
KPIs used by the KION Group This section contains an overview of the KPIs used by the KION Group to comply with the reporting obligations prescribed by law.
In terms of GHG emissions, for example, energy and fuel consumption during the use phase proved to be the biggest emission driver across all product groups.
The percentages shown are calculated on the basis of the respective amounts, rounded to the nearest thousand euros (€ thousand).
At the same time, however, customers in both operating segments were reluctant to invest in view of uncertainty in the global markets, causing a sharp year-on-year fall in order intake.
For 2023, a total expense of €20.4 million for twelve months was recognized for share-based remuneration (2022: total income of €22.1 million).
If a customer is expected to accept goods but has yet to do so, the corresponding revenue is recognized only when the goods are accepted.
As a result, a large number of projects in the operating units are concerned with reducing energy consumption or emissions.
The chairman of the Supervisory Board does not have a casting vote on the candidates proposed.
The mentees and mentors alike describe the program as very rewarding.
This AGV, which uses AI-based swarm technology, was developed in conjunction with the Fraunhofer Institute for Material Flow and Logistics and was successfully trialed at a leading logistics company in 2022.
Free cash flow is expected to be in a range between €270.0 million and €370.0 million.
KION GROUP AG’s Supervisory Board had five standing committees in the reporting year.
In parallel to the appointments to these new positions, it appeared opportune in this context to deal with the succession planning for the role of Chief Technology Officer (CTO).
Page 27   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call Transcription   Next one after that, of course, is if it’s internal combustion, is the fuel, is the energy.
All of the separate financial statements of the subsidiaries included in the consolidation were prepared as at the same reporting date as the annual financial statements of KION GROUP AG.
This funding enables the KION Group to present a united front in the capital markets and strengthens its hand in negotiations with banks and other market participants.
Page 16   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2019 Update Call Transcription  Free cash flow is expected to be in the range of €270 million to €370 million.
There is also a possibility that new strategic opportunities that were not part of the planning may arise over the course of the year, for example in the form of acquisitions and strategic partnerships.
This would result in assets and liabilities not being recognised and measured in the correct amount.
Data protection and information security As digitalization and networking continue to pick up speed, the importance of a secure IT infrastruc-ture, that is reliable all the time is also growing.
Prepayments received from customers came to €645.5 million (2019: €549.6 million).
In this way, the KION Group creates a stable funding position for profitable growth.
The number of new truck orders rose by a total of 42.9 percent to 2,343 thousand units, which was a new record.
For 2023, the IMF expects global economic growth to slow again to 2.9% versus 3.4% in ’22, with developed economies expanding by just 1.2% and the Eurozone by 0.7%.
And then would you mind putting a number behind those milestones that you would see coming through in ’23?
A team is responsible for monitoring the system-based controls, which it supplements with manual checks.
Overall, the climate-related risks faced by the KION Group in this regard, e.g.
For internal management purposes, the KION Group has divided its operating business into two operating segments that correspond to the operating segments as required by international financial reporting standards (IFRS 8).
The EMEA and Americas regions were key contributors to the growth in supply chain solutions.
Could you talk a bit about the potential lessons you might have learned from the current supply challenges?
Petaling Jaya  Malaysia  APAC  100.00%  29   12  Dematic Corp.  Grand Rapids  United States  Americas  100.00%  15   13  Dematic GmbH  Heusenstamm  Germany  EMEA  100.00%  18   14  Dematic Group Ltd.  Banbury  United Kingdom  EMEA  100.00%  15   15  Dematic Group S.à r.l.
Gains and losses recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income are not reclassified to profit or loss upon derecognition of these financial assets but instead remain in equity.
Overall, the level of financial risk remaining unchanged compared with the previous year.
It contains the KION Group’s report on non-financial matters as required under the German law to implement the corporate social responsibility (CSR) directive.
In mature markets and, increasingly, in growth regions, the large number of trucks in use also provides a strong base for replacement business and rising demand for services.
In a next step, we obtained an understanding of whether the automated entry and classification routines used in the lease applications comply with the relevant IFRS.
Moving to the free cash flow statement on Page 14, in the 9-month period, free cash flow amounted to €135 million.
There was also increased demand in the service business, which benefited from the expanding installed base of completed customer projects.
In addition, the KION Group continued to drive forward the development of cross-brand software and hardware for use in applications such as networked trucks and AMRs.
The risk and capacity management system is in place to work with suppliers to examine risks as well as develop and implement concepts to safeguard capacity.
Baoli focuses on industrial trucks in the lower value and economy segments.
The risks reported by the individual companies are combined to form Operating Unit risk reports as part of a rigorous reporting process.
In February 2019, a further 13,674 no-par-value shares were issued for employees’ own investments under KEEP 2018.
As at 31 December 2019, the total nominal amount of the issued promissory notes was €1,310.0 mil-lion (2018: €1,210.0  million).
Linde and Dematic also jointly exhibited at the China International Import Expo (CIIE) in Shanghai.
In addition, foreign-currency forwards are employed to hedge the currency risks arising in the course of internal financing.
By contrast, it depreciated against the Chinese renminbi by 3.1 percent.
In cases where entitlements are not securities-linked, some of the KION Group’s pension obligations in Germany under closed plans are financed by way of CTAs.
They define the conduct expected of managers in the KION Group.
The KION Group mitigates potential research and development risks by systematically managing projects and processes.
So there is no comparison to what was published from that company.
The KION Group only uses derivatives to hedge underlying operational and financial transactions; they are not used for speculative purposes.
KION GROUP AG has no rights arising from the treasury shares that it holds (section 71b AktG).
Page 2   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Preliminary Full Year 2019 Update Call Transcription Anke Groth Yes, hello, to everybody.
The Group launched the Female Mentoring Program for its female managers in 2018.
The information and opinions contained in this Presentation do not purport to be comprehensive, are provided as at the date of the document and are subject to change without notice.
The settlement amount also includes cost increases identifiable as at the reporting date.
• STILL, a provider of forklift trucks, warehouse trucks, and intralogistics systems, drives innovation in its field and has a particular focus on the European market and Brazil.
There were also foreign tax loss car-ryforwards totaling €542.8 million (December 31, 2019: €498.6 million).
The primary intention is to offer these treasury shares to staff as part of the KION Employee Equity Program (KEEP).
[21] Equity-accounted investments The KION Group reported equity-accounted investments with a total carrying amount of €78.8 million as at December 31, 2020 (December 31, 2019: €84.5 million).
The 5Guarantee collaborative project is researching how 5G can be embedded in the Industrial Internet of Things.
For exam-ple, a series of features on employees who embody the values particularly well was expanded, as was a series of regular com-munications on the 2027 strategy and the values.
Other countries Furthermore, significant asset volumes are invested in external pension funds with restricted access in the US and Switzerland.
The total remuneration of the Executive Board comprises a non-performance-related salary, non-performance-related non-cash benefits, non-performance-related pension entitlements and performance-related (variable) remuneration.
This significant rise was mainly driven by the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, whose order intake grew by 40.9 percent year on year and even exceeded the pre-pandemic order levels of 2019.
Focusing on electric powered trucks and warehouse equipment, STILL offers highly efficient prod-ucts.
Information on corporate governance in the Group is published at www.kiongroup.com/Governance.
Employees (average)TABLE 11720192018Western Europe21,05120,116Eastern Europe3,0582,658Middle East and Africa144239North America3,1163,029Central and South America1,2611,246Asia-Pacific5,3725,236Total employees34,00232,524221KION GROUP AGNOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOther disclosuresAnnual Report 2019The members of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG are also related parties.
With global resources, nine production facilities worldwide, and regional teams of experts, Dematic is able to plan and deliver logistics solutions with varying degrees of complexity anywhere in the world.
In this context, the IMF also predicts that commodity prices will rise sharply, which would likely affect the purchase prices of the materials used by the KION Group.
The site will produce counterbalance trucks, including model series previously produced at sites in western Europe.
Significant influence is assumed when companies in the KION Group hold between 20 percent and 50 percent of the voting rights.
The range of measures was rounded off by provisions such as flu jabs, training on how to deal with jet lag and staying fit at the assembly line.
Despite a growth in service business amounting to 22%, revenue in the fourth quarter declined by 17% year-over-year to €836 million.
In particular, the ESEF report and our assurance opinion contained therein are to be used solely together with the examined ESEF documents made available in electronic form.
5 Service cost in accordance with IFRS (the service cost in accordance with the HGB is shown in the table Pension entitlements under HGB).
In addition, all KION Group employees as well as external stakeholders can use a 24/7 whistleblowing hotline to report potential compliance violations.
Building on our successful KION 2027 strategy, we were able to steer the KION Group through the pandemic relatively well in 2020 despite a business environment that was very difficult at times.
Expected business situation and financial performance of the KION GroupIn 2020, the KION Group aims to build on its successful perfor-mance in 2019 and, based on the forecasts for market growth, record a moderate increase in revenue.
They define the conduct expected of managers in the KION Group.
In addition, various initiatives were continued in 2023 that are aimed at reinforcing diversity in the Company.
The service business benefits from the growing number of installed systems.
Our responsibilities under those requirements and principles are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and of the Combined Management Report” section of our auditor’s report.
The restrictions on sales activities led to a 2.6 percent reduction in selling expenses.
In the second quarter of ‘22, free cashflow was negative at €159 million, which is a strong sequential improvement.
Český Krumlov  Czech Republic  14  100.0%  100.0%   121  STILL ČR spol.
Operator Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we will begin the question-and-answer session.
Our new highly auto-mated plant, the adjoining KION Value Competence Center and the expansion of our sales and service network will enable us to harness further potential in this important market and significantly strengthen our position.
de C.V.MonterreyMexico51 & 109100.00%100.00%81 DMTC Technology Services, S. de.
Around 80 percent of all Linde electric forklift trucks can currently be equipped with fuel cells.
Each year, the Exec-utive Board of KION GROUP AG decides whether there will be an offer made under the employee share option programme that year and which companies will participate.
The KION Group comprises the parent company KION GROUP AG, which is a public limited company under German law, and its subsidiaries.
In December 2022, its volume was extended by €385.7 million to €1,385.7 million.
The impairment test carried out in the fourth quarter of 2023 did not reveal any need to recognize impairment losses for the goodwill allocated to the KION ITS EMEA, KION ITS APAC, KION ITS Americas, and KION SCS CGUs.
The expected loss is immediately recognized as an expense in the period in which the loss becomes apparent.
They also take into account the statutory minimum coverage requirements and the amounts deductible under local tax rules.
This makes sustainability a task for all employees in the Group as well as our business partners.
Expected sectoral conditions In the KION Group’s view, the economic environment described above and the softening of the market in 2022 make it unlikely that the figures for the global material handling market in 2023 will match those achieved in 2022.
They complement each other, and they give the customer all the elements of the solution they’re looking for.
KION GROUP AG neither intends to nor assumes any separate obligation to update forward-looking statements or to change these to reflect events or developments that occur after the publication of this annual report.
And so we’ve decided to purchase a 20% stake in ifesca, which developed software for energy management.
The KION compliance department, the KION compli-ance team, and the KION compliance committee provide operational support to the aforementioned functions.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 175 Annual report 2023  Goodwill Goodwill has an indefinite useful life and is therefore not amortized.
Risks identified in relation to the existing contract portfolio are taken into account by prospectively adjusting the depreciation expense, impairment losses, or provisions.
The focus was once again on the production sites.
We’ve been making a shift towards software.
> TABLES 068 – 069The amounts in the tables are based on the share held by the KION Group in the relevant associate or joint venture.
Wages and salaries in line with the market The KION Group pays performance- and market-related remuneration, which is generally deter-mined by locally relevant competitive markets.
Another member of the Supervisory Board and Audit Committee, Ms. Alexandra Schädler, has the required expertise in auditing specified in section 100 (5) alt.
As was the case in the previous year, the Supervisory Board will take account of the auditors’ assessment in its own review of the 2019 non-financial Group report, which will take place in April 2020, i.e.
As at December 31, 2023, the changes in estimates relating to defined benefit pension entitlements resulted in a €58.7 million decrease in equity after deduction of deferred taxes (December 31, 2022: increase of €410.6 million).
Corporation-tax loss carryforwards amounting to €14.5 million (2022: €14.9 million) on which no deferred tax assets have been recognized will expire within the next six to nine years.
This had also been the case as at December 31, 2020.
The equity markets made an excellent start to 2023 thanks to positive corporate news and the end of the coronavirus pandemic.
An amount of €800.2 million was paid into the capital reserves.
Accelerating with sustainability We invest in sustainability, reflecting our commitment to a carbon-neutral future and our customers’ increased demand for green solutions.
A second group began the program in the reporting year.
The total value of order intake fell by 8.8 percent to €5,776.3 million (2019: €6,330.5 million).
Where this is the case, sensors that are not needed are switched off and motors are removed from the control loop, resulting in energy savings.
Pension provisions are reduced by the fair value of the plan assets used to cover the Group’s benefit obligations.
Diversity  In the reporting year, in addition to regular meetings, dedicated deep dive sessions on several sustainability related topics with the Boards and Board members were conducted.
At the meetings, the board members discuss measures and business that, under the Executive Board’s rules of procedure, must be approved by the full Executive Board.
I’d put in the picture also leasing.
As at 31 December 2022, the carrying value of receivables and assets under the lease agreements is mEUR 1,890.3 (11.4% of total assets) and mEUR 1,367.7 (8.3% of total assets), respectively.
The latter are a key component of customers’ e-commerce strategies, under which they are increasingly establishing smaller warehouses close to their retailers and end customers in order to be able to deliver to them as quickly as possible.
So, can you put a rough timeline around until when sort of this is changing to the better?
Our audit firm has applied the IDW Standard on Quality Management: Requirements for Quality Management in the Audit Firm (IDW QS 1).
Any goodwill arising from the acquisition of an associate or joint venture is included in the carrying amount of the investment in the associate or joint venture.
The KION Group can only achieve the tar-gets that it has formulated for itself in the KION 2027 strategy if it is an attractive and responsible employer that is able to retain competent and committed employees at all sites.
Accordingly, no reliance should be placed on any of the industry, market or competitive position data contained in this Presentation.
In 2019, around 19.8 per cent of the cost of materials for new trucks was directly influenced by changes in commodity prices (2018: around 25.5  per  cent).
Net cash provided by operating activities totaled €527.1 million, which was lower than the prior-year figure of €846.3 million, primarily because of the decline in EBIT.
We also launched the commercial production of our own hydrogen fuel cell systems for industrial trucks.
I am glad to say that we improved profitability in both our business segments and for KION.
Customers are able to choose a quiet, emission-free alternative for even the most challenging applications, without having to allow for any loss of performance.
In 2020, interest-rate risks arising on variable-rate tranches of the promissory note had been hedged by entering into a number of interest-rate swaps (cash flow hedge), thereby transforming the variable interest-rate exposure into fixed-rate obligations.
The income tax rates for foreign companies used in the calcula-tion of deferred taxes were between 9.0  per  cent and 34.0 per cent, as had also been the case in 2018.
It also forms part of this annual report and is a component of the combined management report.
For example, the organizational integration of acquired companies may actually harm the Group’s financial performance.
Warsaw  Poland  14  100.0%  100.0%   92  STILL POLSKA Sp.
We think there’s a lot of promise.
Landmark is one of the biggest retailers in the Middle East and in India.
Its remit is to deal with matters relating to Executive Board remuneration and the remuneration report that has to be prepared each year.
The Group’s order book amounted to €4,441.3 million as at December 31, 2020, a year-on-year rise of 22.3 percent (December 31, 2019: €3,631.7 million).
The corporate governance statement can be viewed and downloaded on the Company’s website.
Of this amount, €1,045 thousand (2019: €1,063 thousand) was attributable to fixed remuneration for activities carried out by the Supervisory Board.
107KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTDisclosures relevant to acquisitionsAnnual Report 2019Disclosures relevant to acquisitions,  section 315a and 289a HGB1.
Differences between the consideration paid for the acquisition of a non-controlling interest and the relevant proportion of the carrying amount of the subsidiary’s net assets are recognized in equity.
At the same time, the focus of technological progress is increasingly shifting towards software and robotics solutions.
Unless stated otherwise, the description of the course of business (including business performance), position, and expected development refers both to the Group and to KION GROUP AG.
The adjusted EBITDA margin decreased from 19.4  per  cent in 2018 to 18.8 per cent in 2019.
And I think that’s an element, of course, on how much revenue comes out of that backlog on any given year.
In terms of the environment, we are directing our attention to climate protection and to the circular economy in our value chain.
The KION Group’s employer brands are very important in this regard.
In the SCS segment, the precisely specified system com-ponents for each customer project are primarily manufactured in-house but also partly by qualified third-party sup-pliers approved by KION.
The gains/losses on financial investments re-late to the remeasurement of the equity investments Shanghai Quicktron Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd, Zhejiang EP Equipment Co., Ltd., and Balyo SA at fair value (FVOCI category under IFRS 9).
For internal management purposes, the KION Group has divided its operating business into two operating segments that correspond to the operating segments as required by international financial reporting standards (IFRS 8).
When liabilities from procurement leases are initially measured, the lease payments not yet made are discounted at an interest rate implicit in the lease.
It was praised not only for its high level of productivity, quietness, and flexibility but also for the low operating costs and low mainte-nance costs of the electric drive.
Changes to these requirements and standards are analyzed on an ongoing basis and taken into account as appropriate.
The KION Group employees decisively shape the efforts for sustainability and bring them to life.
Current lease receivables from end customers increased as at December 31, 2023 as a result of the growth in new business.
In sale and leaseback sub-leases, risks and rewards incidental to the head lease are, in general, substantially borne by entities in the KION Group.
This rise was primarily due to the increase in the provision for short-term incentives and share-based remuneration.
For such classification, the assets or disposal groups must be available for immediate sale in their present condition and their sale must be highly probable.
The 2017 Authorization has not been used so far.
If these funding instruments were to be terminated, the KION Group would need to agree new financing, probably on less favorable terms.
So all of those normal measures through providing enough face masks and disinfectant materials, especially to our Chinese employees, that has been going on for weeks now.
By contrast, the pace of expansion in the developed economies – including the eurozone – will remain at the low level achieved in 2019.
KION GROUP AG 280 Annual report 2020 German public auditor responsible for the engagement The German Public Auditor responsible for the engagement is Kirsten Gräbner-Vogel.
Initial value of the KION share (60-days average)  €94.32  €71.20 Initial value of the MDAX (60-days average)  34,820.06 pts.
The related parties that are solely or jointly controlled by the KION Group or over which significant influence can be exercised are included in the list of shareholdings as at December 31, 2023 (see note [48]).
EBIT adjusted for non-recurring items and purchase price allocation effects (adjusted EBIT) decreased to €292.4 million (2021: €841.8 million).
The employees of KION GROUP AG and its subsidiaries are made aware of the problem of possible conflicts of interest as part of compliance training and are bound by rules on how to behave in the event of actual or potential conflicts of interest.
The KION Group does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect subsequently occurring events or circumstances.
Our responsibilities in this context are further described in the “Group Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the ESEF Documents” section.
The KION Group’s supply chain is global.
In addition, the KION Group uses amortizing payer interest-rate swaps in the same currency to hedge the risk of a change in the fair value of certain lease receivables.
China saw its growth drop from 8.4 percent to 3.0 percent due to the rapid spread of coronavirus in the country and the strict lockdowns that were imposed to contain it.
In contrast with the evaluations of other types of risk, the risk-mitigating effects of the measures that have been taken are already factored in.
The change in the cost of sales and in other functional costs is shown in the following table.
Basis for audit opinionsWe conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined management report in accordance with Section 317 HGB and the EU Audit Regulation (No.
3.3 Self-assessment by the Supervisory Board The Supervisory Board regularly assesses the effectiveness of its work and that of its committees (self-assessment), with support from an external advisor if required.
Conse-quently, risk officers supported by risk managers have been appointed for each company and each division.
By contrast, revenue generated from external customers in the Supply Chain Solutions segment fell by 21.7 percent.
Gains and losses arising from the disposal of interests are also recognized in equity, provided there is no change in control.
Further details on the KEEP Employee Equity Program can be found in note [46].
The Nomination Committee’s task is to propose candidates for the election of shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board to the Company’s Annual General Meeting.
If the reason for an impairment loss recognized in prior years no longer applies, the relevant pro rata impairment losses are reversed, but subject to a limit such that the carrying amount of the asset is no higher than its amortized cost.
We are ensuring that our customers have a crucial  competitive edge.
The focus was on the prerequisites for both organic growth and growth by acquisition in order to satisfy the rapidly rising demand for the products of the SCS segment.
Since the financial year 2013, the Company has been a public interest entity within the meaning of Section 319a (1) Sentence 1 HGB.
The adjusted EBIT margin improved to 1.5 percent (2022: minus 1.2 percent).
The gross margin was substantially lower than in the previous year owing to the relatively small volume increase in the high-margin service business, higher material prices, and inefficiencies resulting from supply and resource bottlenecks.
6a HGB in conjunction with GAS 17  4,190  3,180      2,212  1,683      1 Non-performance related, non-cash remuneration and other benefits include expenses and / or benefits in kind, such as the use of a company car and housing costs.
Other intangible assets Other purchased intangible assets with a finite useful life are carried at historical cost less all accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.
The Supply Chain Solutions segment (Dematic) was the biggest provider in the global market for warehouse automation in terms of revenue in 2021.
Every year, the Executive Board also publishes a dependency report in line with the relevant requirements that is reviewed by the Supervisory Board and the statutory auditors.
But specifically, for Performance Excellence, it's the establishment of a shared service center in Poland.
For long-term construction contracts in the Supply Chain Solutions segment, services that have already been rendered are deducted from the total value of the contract with the customer.
These personnel expenses included wages and sal-aries of €1,817.6 million (2019: €1,820.6 million), social security contributions of €396.7 million (2019: €398.7 million), and expenses for pensions of €86.6 million (2019: €73.5 million).
This amount still included liabilities of €43.2 million (December 31, 2020: €94.2 million) related to sale and leaseback sub-lease transactions entered into up to December 31, 2017.
Single-step leases are classified as finance leases or operating leases within the meaning of IFRS 16.
These essentially reflected impairment losses recognized on assets in connection with business in Russia, although these were partly offset by a boost to earnings from plan adjustments that affected defined benefit obligations.
For this purpose, oppor-tunities and risks for business activities as well as positive and negative effects of the company’s activities on the environment and society in particular were taken into consideration.
The KION Group’s annual report is also available here, both as a PDF file and as an interactive online version.
Appropri­ate precautions have been taken to ensure that this role at a parent 35KION GROUP AGCORPORATE GOVERNANCECorporate governance reportAnnual Report 2019company of the Company does not create a conflict of interest relating personally to Mr Riske.
Page 18   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call Transcription Gael de Bray Okay.
>  TABLES 113 – 114 show information on the KION Group’s operating segments for 2019 and 2018.
Budget planning, major acquisitions, or capital expenditure, for example, require the consent of the Supervisory Board.
Share-based remuneration obligations rose by €36.5 million to €58.9 million in the year under review owing to the significantly higher valuation of the performance shares compared with the previous year (see note [46]).
Each operating unit has a full-time Compliance Officer who reports directly to the Chief Compliance Officer and supports the management of the operating unit in imple-menting compliance requirements.
The KION Group considers itself a global supplier with intercultural expertise.
KION GROUP AG has a syndicated revolving credit facility (RCF) with a total volume of €1,385.7 million.
Seven of these had already been implemented by the start of 2020.
After deduction of cash and cash equivalents, net debt amounted to €1,698.8  million (2018: €1,960.4 million).
The Executive Board member remains in his role as President KION ITS APAC but has handed over responsibility for the Americas region in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment to Michael Larsson.
The Audit Committee and Supervisory Board each discussed the report ex-tensively, in both cases in the presence of the auditors.
The price of Brent crude oil, which had surged in 2022, normalized.
99KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTOutlook, risk report and opportunity reportAnnual Report 2019Market risks and competition risksMarket risksMarket risk can arise when the economy as a whole or a par-ticular sector does not perform as well as had been anticipated in the outlook.
All other components of pension expenses are recognised under func-tional costs.
To this end, the KION Group uses a wide range of instruments and measures to ensure that there is always a sufficient number of highly qualified, hard-working employees at all levels of its operations.
However, the KION Group believes that the probability of occurrence for such risk and the level of risk will remain unchanged in 2023 compared with the prior year.
Right-of-use assets related to procurement leases were up moderately compared with the end of the previous year, standing at €543.5 million as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: €513.6 million).
On July 6, 2023, the Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG also appointed Christian Harm as a member of the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG and as the new Chief Financial Officer (CFO) for a term of three years.
So look at it this way, please, Jorge.
Further information on sensitivity analysis in relation to the impact of the discount rate and details of measurement can be found in the information on the retirement benefit obligation in note [28].
Independent external reviews are conducted to provide additional quality assurance.
The coronavirus pandemic caused consumers to shift toward online shopping, resulting in compa-nies having to reorganize their supply chains with omnichannel approaches.
The KION Group also entered into a strategic partnership with Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. (Li-Cycle), a key player in resource recovery from lithium-ion batteries.
The sustainability field of action will be a particular focus going forward so that the Company can drive sustainability in logistics through the use of alternative and environmentally compatible energy sources.
Inventories Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realizable value.
This was primarily due to the fact that fixed costs fell at a disproportionately low rate compared to the reduction in the volume of business.
Cost of sales The cost of sales comprises the cost of goods sold and services rendered, costs arising from project business contracts, and revenue-related costs from the lease and short-term rental business.
The Supervisory Board has the task of examining and deciding whether to approve the consolidated financial statements.
I’m also interested to know how this backlog compares to the current picture if we should take into account -- I don’t know -- more share of APAC, and that could imply lower or slightly lower margins.
Product innovation also helped the segment to further strengthen its position in the most promising functional areas of warehouse automation, for example micro-fulfilment solutions.
Currency developments also had some adverse effects on revenue.
Deferred taxes are determined on the basis of the tax rates that will apply at the recovery date, or have been announced, in accordance with the current legal situation in each country concerned.
In China, we have introduced new products, and that is also helping outperform in China.
The decrease in derivative financial instruments was primarily attributable to interest-rate swaps and to falls in the yield curves used for measurement in the currency areas relevant to the KION Group (see note [42]).
Payments made for interest portions and principal portions under procurement leases totaled minus €157.9 million (2022: minus €151.7 million).
This package is mainly focused on strengthening the supplier network, taking measures to enhance operational and commercial agility, improving risk management, and managing the implementation of projects in the SCS segment more efficiently.
The classification of leases requires estimates to be made regarding the transferred and retained risks and rewards in con-nection with ownership of the industrial truck.
To this end, we examined the current cost reports and project calculations taking into account the customer contracts with respect to the percentage of completion of the selected projects.
In view of the vaccination rate now achieved and the comprehensive hygiene and contact tracing measures put in place, significant chains of infection within the workforce continue to be seen as fairly unlikely.
As well as direct costs, these also include relevant overheads.
The separate financial statements of KION GROUP AG, the consolidated financial statements of the KION Group and the combined management report are published within 90 days of the end of the financial year to which they relate.
Rob Smith Well, let’s talk about that, too, Martin.
It is therefore no surprise that sustainability aspects such as energy consumption and GHG emissions have become decisive purchasing criteria.
The risks that have been reported are reviewed on a quarterly basis and re-assessed until the reason for reporting a risk no longer exists or the risk has been mitigated.
Based on the final outcome of its own review, the Supervisory Board did not raise any objections to the Executive Board’s decla-ration at the end of the dependency report.
As at 31 December 2019, the outstanding balance of the AFA, which has a variable interest rate and matures in October 2021, was thus €200.0 mil-77KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTReport on the economic positionAnnual Report 2019lion.
Revenue remained at high levels, above the €2 billion mark, supported by last year’s price increases as well as by the favorable material availability, allowing a high production run rate.
The results are factored into the continuous improvement of the HSE standards of the units.
This means you are changing the way you are doing leases.
In 2020, there had also been interest-rate swaps entered into in order to hedge the interest-rate risk arising on variable-rate financial liabilities (cash flow hedges).
A contract liability is a company’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the company has received consideration.
Page 30   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2022 Update Call Transcription  Secondly, obviously, you’re spot on.
For sale and lease back sublease contracts concluded until and including 31 December 2017, an asset and a lease liability is accounted for taking advantage of the right of continuance specified in IFRS 16.
By investing in new locations and expanding existing ones, products can be assembled nearer to the markets in which they are to be sold, economies of scale can be achieved across the Group, and synergies can be leveraged.
I will begin with the financial and strategic highlights for the full year 2019 followed by a market update.
Long-term leases are primarily arranged on a fixed-interest basis.
This can be done anonymously if they so wish.
It has a total volume of €100.0 million (December 31, 2022: €575.0 million).
Single-step leases are classified as finance leases or operating leases within the meaning of IFRS 16.
Each share confers one vote in the voting at the Annual General Meeting.
Muted customer demand in the long-term project business (business solutions) in the preceding quarters was the main reason for the sharp decline in revenue in the year under review.
Growth was especially strong in the EMEA and Americas, which were among the regions worst affected by the coronavirus pandemic last year.
The comparative figures for the prior year were determined on the same basis.
As illustrated in the graph at the bottom, this year’s free cash flow development does not follow the typical seasonal pattern.
In October 2021, the KION Group acquired a minority stake in ifesca GmbH, based in Ilmenau, Germany, which means it will be able to offer customers a fully integrated AI-based solution for energy management in the future.
The total carrying amount for liabilities in connection with share-based remuneration was €4.9 million as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: €58.9 million).
The Chief Executive Officer has a casting vote in the event of a tied vote.
Wiener Neudorf  Austria  EMEA  100.00%  114   114  STILL Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung  Hamburg  Germany  EMEA  100.00%  83   115  STILL Intern Transport B.V.  Hendrik-Ido- Ambacht  Netherlands  EMEA  100.00%  114   116  STILL Kft.
We don’t see a specific mix change between internal combustion and E. But what I would point out to you is you see we’ve got 87%, almost 90% of our order intake is electric.
Dedicated training on the ABC Policy was also introduced via a Group-wide digital learning platform in 2021 as well as training on the Conflicts of Interest Policy in 2022.
In 2020, around 20.2 percent of the cost of materials for new trucks in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment was directly influenced by changes in commodity prices (2019: around 19.8 percent).
Failure of critical systems, disruption of production and the ability to deliver to customers, and the loss or release into the public domain of data are among the potential consequences of these attacks.
As at 31 December 2019, the unused portion of the revolving credit facility stood at €1,150.0  million (2018: €1,048.2  million).
It should be noted that, on average, the unit price for warehouse trucks is considerably lower than for counterbalance trucks.
The present value of the defined benefit obligation in respect of Executive Board members as at December 31, 2020 was €11.5 million  (December 31, 2019: €10.9 million).
Nevertheless, the individual activities could create positive effects that exceed expectations.
they are recognized on the day they are received and derecognized on the day of delivery.
In ad-dition, various initiatives were continued in 2020 that are aimed at increasing diversity in the Com-pany.
Differences between the consideration paid for the acquisition of a non-controlling interest and the relevant proportion of the carrying amount of the subsidiary’s net assets are recognized in equity.
The Supervisory Board would like to take this opportunity to thank the members of the Executive Board and all employees of the KION Group for their actions and accomplishments in 2022.
Initially limited to Germany, the program was then rolled out to more countries.
Provisions with a maturity of more than twelve months are discounted using the standard market interest rate.
And it takes about 3 to 5 months for the different material costs to flow through our P&L.
So I just wanted to double check that China unit and market unit's been down for the year is the base case that's embedded in your guidance.
In October 2022, the Supervisory Board appointed Valeria Gargiulo to the newly created role of Chief People & Sustainability Officer (CPSO).
Order intake is a leading indicator for future revenue.
The Audit Committee, in particular, monitored the development and implementation of the package of measures and supported the Executive Board in an advisory capacity.
Customers are increasingly demanding solutions for environmentally friendly supply chains, primarily electric trucks.
Order intake rose by 1.9% to €6.3 billion in full year 2019 and to €1.8 billion in Q4 2019, which represents a growth rate of 1.7%.
The assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries, including goodwill, are translated at the middle spot exchange rate, i.e.
In 2022, the non-recurring items for the Industrial Trucks & Services segment amounted to an expense of €42.8 million and mainly consisted of the impairment losses recognized on business in Russia in an amount of €32.4 million.
To help it do this, the KION Group has put in place a comprehensive compliance management system, centering around the KION Group Code of Compliance.
Bhd., Petaling Jaya, MalaysiaChairman of the Board of Directors of Linde Material Handling (Thailand) Co., Ltd., Pathum Thani, ThailandMember of the Board of Directors of Linde Material Handling Pty.
EBIT margin-20.8%-1.6%0.9%1.1%2.2%+2,300bp+110bpKION GROUP AG | Q3 2023 Update Call | 26 October 2023KION Group improves profitability for the fourth consecutive quarterKION Group – Key Financials91.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our third quarter update call.
These estimates are primarily based on empirical values and prices in used truck markets.
To coincide with the publication of the 2019 annual report on March 3, 2020, the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG held a financial statements press conference and conference call to explain the results.
You’re asking about customers’ behavior and rising running costs.
Cash and cash equivalents fell by €151.9 million to €48.1 million as at the reporting date.
Sustainability and electrification are among the main driving factors in the market for industrial trucks and services.
In accordance with its articles of association, the Company is represented by two members of the Executive Board or by one member of the Executive Board acting conjointly with a Prokurist (person with full commercial power of representation).
The total carrying amount for liabilities in connection with share-based remuneration was €12.5 million as at 31 December 2019 (2018: €7.7 million).
Owing to the KION Group’s export focus, legal risk and reputational risk arise due to the numerous international and local export controls that apply.
This upturn was driven by the increase in revenue combined with a relatively moderate rise in functional costs, by the improvement in net interest expense, and by positive non-recurring items in relation to defined benefit obligations resulting from plan adjustments.
And very importantly, do not forget, if components were available sufficiently, we could have shown higher revenues and EBIT in the third quarter as well as in our year-to-date.
Given that the 2019 EBIT level, you know the earnings level is not too different from where consensus is, I'm not sure I understand what the sort of reason was for the prerelease.
By contrast, the Supply Chain Solutions segment increased its revenue in the European markets.
In addition, foreign-currency forwards are employed to hedge the currency risks arising in the course of internal financing.
They do this by creating suitable working environments for people with disabilities, sup-porting reintegration into the workforce and facilitating continued employment in the event of physical disability.
As you know, I took over as the new CEO of KION GROUP AG a little more than two months ago.
It is the ratio of adjusted EBIT to capital employed as at the reporting date and is calculated annually.
Actually, if you look at the GDP next year, all the GDP is expected to be positive next year, however not as high as this year.
In 2019, revenue came to €1,700.5 million in Germany (2018: €1,533.2 million), €1,604.6 million in the US (2018: €1,422.5 mil-lion) and €1,056.6 million in France (2018: €951.7 million).
Of the contract assets recognised as at 1 January 2019, €91.5 million was billed in 2019 (2018: €88.1  million).
The KPIs used to manage the segments are order intake, revenue, and adjusted EBIT.
These products are aimed at reducing injuries to operators and damage to goods and infrastructure.
The risk of supply bottlenecks – for example in the event of a shortage of raw materials or financial difficulties at core sup-pliers – cannot be ruled out in future, despite an easing of the situation on the supplier side.
His previous role of chairman of the Audit Committee was taken over by Dr. Nicolas Peter.
The amounts for Ms Groth and Ms Schneeberger also contain a one-off compensation payment in 2018 (€314 thousand for Ms Groth, €328 thousand for Ms Schneeberger).
As part of the Sustainability Steering Committee, the sustainability action field leads, the sustaina-bility coordinators of the Operating Units and central sustainability management ensure that the sustainability program is uniform across the Group, continually enhanced and further implemented.
As was the case in the previous year, the Supervisory Board will take account of the auditors’ assessment in its own review of the 2022 non-financial Group report, which will take place in April 2023, i.e.
And as a basis for the call, we’d like to use our Q3 2021 presentation.
However, the Company's sensitivity analysis indicated a reasonably possible change in the profit margin or the long-term growth rate would lead to the value in use of the Supply Chain Solutions operating segment being impaired.
The carrying amounts of these financial instruments are roughly equal to their fair values.
Owing to the KION Group’s export focus, legal risk and reputational risk arise due to the numerous international and local export controls that apply.
In the QBIIK project, sponsored by the German Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy (BMWi), a mobile robot autonomously stocks the manufacturing supermarket of a company in the automotive industry.
Gordon has mentioned the fabulous 12XX, which we have brought into the market, which is the first derivative.
The first bond placed on the capital markets under this program had a total volume of €500.0 million and a maturity date in 2025.
• Demographic change is resulting in a shortage of workers.
KION GROUP AG incurred tax expenses of €50.6 million as a result of its role as the parent company of the tax group in 2021 (2020: €19.4 million).
The discretionary performance multiple for Ms. Schneeberger has already been set to 1.0 for 2020.
The year in which the term of office begins is not included in this calculation.
In 2021, KION GROUP AG and the consolidated subsidiaries that reported losses for 2021 or 2020 recognized net deferred tax assets on temporary differences, loss carryforwards, and tax credits totaling €24.1 million (2020: €27.6 million).
The new truck business saw a particularly sharp fall of 18.3 percent in 2020.
At the discretion of the Executive Board, the shares may be purchased through the stock exchange, by way of a public purchase offer made to all shareholders, or by way of a public invitation to shareholders to tender their shares.
Featuring the Dematic brand, this segment is primarily involved in customer-specific, longer-term project business.
The rights and obligations arising out of the shares are defined by legal provisions.
The council focuses on raising awareness of these issues among managers and employees around the world, on developing and coordinating relevant initiatives, and on monitoring the implementation of these.
In return, €20.5 million of the fixed-rate tranche of the promissory note from 2018 was repaid ahead of schedule.
Page 24   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q3 2021 Update Call Transcription  And then the second one is on the additional trucks order book.
As in the first quarter, our free cash flow was impacted by substantially higher working capital requirements.
Our strength lies in listening to customers, understanding their problems and finding individually tailored solutions for their complex requirements.
The right measures are still being assessed in order to meet this aim.
New, unforeseen regulatory initiatives could be launched, for example the tightening of health and safety regulations or emissions standards, that would push up demand for products offered by the KION Group brands.
The appointment of the two new Executive Board members and the early succession planning for the CTO role have paved the way for an effective and experienced Executive Board team.
Further details on the KEEP Employee Equity Program can be found in note [46].
And in doing so we are continually strengthening our market position.
greater than 15 percent in total quantity, are marked in the appropriate places.
The company pursues a ‘Pre-vent – Detect – Respond’ approach to meet this high standard.
Executive BoardThe Executive Board of KION GROUP AG was responsible for the operational management of the KION Group in 2019 and its five members remained unchanged during the reporting period.
This involves detailed evaluation of the risks when defining the technical aspects of quotations plus financial risk provisioning based on the individual project specifications when preparing quotations.
The level of sales risk and the probability of occurrence for such risk are therefore both regarded as lower for 2022 than for 2021.
This consists of the reclassification of the accumulated gains and losses on remeasurement to Retained earnings within equity.
However, these non-GAAP measures should be considered only in addition to, but not in isolation or as a substitute for, the information prepared in accordance with IFRS.
The amount of deferred tax assets recognized in the statement of financial position decreased to €300.8 million as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: €449.3 million).
Outside of the formal meetings, informal working sessions took place to prepare for upcoming resolutions and related complex issues, such as remuneration.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 127 Annual report 2023  Risk report Risk strategy The business activities of the KION Group necessarily involve risk.
And a follow up to that is that, what are the KPIs that needs to fulfill before you book an order?
The fair To our shareholders  Corporate governance statement  Combined management report  Consolidated financial statements  Notes to the  consolidated financial  statements  Additional information   KION GROUP AG 232 Annual report 2020  value of interest-rate swaps was calculated as the present value of the future cash flows.
The actual amount of taxable income in future periods – and hence the actual utilization of tax loss carryforwards and interest carryforwards – may be different from the estimates made when the corresponding deferred tax assets were recognized.
In the direct lease business, industrial trucks with a carrying amount of €1,199.4 million (December 31, 2022: €1,077.3 million) were provided to customers for their use.
The shareholder representatives are elected by the Annual General Meeting by simple majority.
Petaling Jaya  Malaysia  104  100.0%  100.0%   80  Dematic Logistics de Mexico S. de R.L.
In particular, they may be offered, promised, and transferred to the members of the Company’s Executive Board.
Furthermore, the increasing automation of warehouses is pushing up demand for industrial trucks with an electric drive.
His global background, operating on four continents over his career, equips him to drive and grow the business in our diverse markets.
APMs are used both internally for management purposes and externally for communicating and reporting to a range of stakeholders.
The audit programme in particular is focused on this in an attempt to encourage continuous improvements to the situation at the individual locations.
However, the KION Group is not expecting any of these existing legal proceedings to have a material impact on its financial position or financial performance.
It is responsible for engaging the independent auditors, determining the focus of the audit, and agreeing the fee.
The Executive Board’s authorization from the Annual General Meeting relating to the fully exhausted 2017 Authorized Capital expired on May 10, 2022.
Revenue for the project business-related customer contracts is recognised in line with the corresponding period unless there is an alternative possibility of use and right to payment of the services already rendered.
As part of the ongoing evaluation by external independent auditors and rating agencies, the KION Group’s sustainability performance was reaffirmed in 2022.
taking account of shareholders, customers, employees, and other stakeholders with the aim of creating sustainable added value.
Intra-group transactions are generally conducted on an arm’s-length basis.
Upon initial recognition, financial assets in the AC category are carried at fair value including directly attributable transaction costs.
Currency effects in relation to cash and cash equivalents amounted to minus €5.0 million (2022: €2.1 million).
It achieves this both through its own resources and through partnerships.
Categorization of opportunities ‘Opportunities’ are understood as positive deviations from the expectations set out in the outlook relating to the economic situation and the KION Group’s business situation.
Further disclosures on treasury shares can be found in the notes to the financial statements of KION GROUP AG.
Residual values in the markets for used trucks are therefore constantly monitored and forecast.
Thus, the leverage on our industrial net debt increased to 2.3x vs 2.2x at the end of last year.
Due to the ongoing potential for further waves of coronavirus, the KION Group rigorously kept up its measures aimed at preventing the spread of infection at the sites.
The capital increase took effect when its implementation was entered in the commercial register at the Frankfurt am Main local court under HRB 112163 on December 7, 2020.
Page 6   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2019 Update Call Transcription   North America, KION declined by minus 21.7% in Q4.
The transaction is not recognized in the 2020 annual report.
The products and services of sub-sidiaries in the KION Group have to comply with the specific legal requirements in their respective markets.
The KION Group HSE Standard provides further details for local action for entities, partially going beyond national legislation.
In the case of cash flow hedges for hedging currency risk, derivatives are used to hedge future cash flow risks from highly probable future transactions and firm commitments not reported in the statement of financial position.
And they say it’s stable versus the previous quarter, I assume.
Statements in the Presentation, including those regarding the possible or assumed future or other performance of the Company and its affiliates or its industry or other trend projections, constitute forward-looking statements.
For sale and lease back sublease contracts concluded until and including 31 December 2017, an asset and a lease liability is accounted for taking advantage of the right of continuance specified in IFRS 16.
Such changes can also have an effect on the tax assets and tax liabilities that have been or will be recognized in the statement of financial position and on any deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities to be recognized.
The re-classifications also take account of the fact that the volume of liabilities resulting from these trans-actions has been falling steadily over time.
These trends were driven mainly by the fact that businesses were much less willing to invest in the face of heightened risks related to the geopolitical situation and trade policy.
And yet the KION Group was able to keep the effects of these difficult conditions in check, outperform the market as a whole and strengthen its own market position thanks to the fantastic efforts of the entire workforce.
Free cash flow describes the cash flow that is available to pay dividends and interest and to repay liabilities.
Non-compliance with the covenants or with the defined maximum level of leverage as at a particular reporting date may give lenders a right of termination or lead to an increase in interest payments.
We examined the data inputs made in the financial year in the individual component areas for accuracy directly in the oper-ating entities on a sample basis in the form of mathematical and statistical methods and extrapolated any identified devia-tions to the corresponding basic population.
The KION Group regularly assesses its aggregate risk position arising from the lease business.
Detailed rules are included in the KION Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy (ABC Policy), the KION Group Guidelines on avoiding conflicts of interest (updated in 2022) and the KION Group Donations and Sponsorship Policy (Table 33).
At €568.0 million, net income greatly exceeded the figure for 2020 (€210.9 million) and was also higher than in 2019.
Project business contracts with a net debit balance due to customers are reported under contract liabilities, as are advances received from customers.
Remeasurement of the investment of 21.0 percent previously held resulted in a fair value of €3.7 million.
The supervisory board is responsible for overseeing the preparation of the ESEF documents as part of the financial reporting process.
The information and opinions contained in this Presentation do not purport to be comprehensive, are provided as at the date of the document and are subject to change without notice.
Participating employees acquire KION shares for their own invest-ment purposes.
It is also possible that a partner will collaborate with competitors if exclusivity agreements are not in place.
Because macroeconomic conditions deteriorated considerably in 2020 as a result of the coronavirus pan-demic, the market outlook continues to be very uncertain.
Executive Board members’ individual performance is also taken into account in the multiple-year variable remuneration.
The commercial paper program was increased by €250.0 million to €750.0 million in April 2022.
The impairment test carried out in the fourth quarter of 2020 did not reveal any need to recognize impairment losses for the goodwill allocated to the LMH EMEA, STILL EMEA, KION APAC, KION Americas, and Dematic CGUs.
The tax risks have been newly added to the risk matrix and are regarded as low both in terms of their level of risk and probability of occurrence.
We do easy plus or minus 3% of R&D, and we do that on an increasing revenue base.
If they are financed using variable-rate instruments, interest-rate derivatives are entered into in order to hedge the interest-rate risk.
During the quarter, we successfully managed to limit the net increase of semifinished trucks going into inventory to less than 200 units versus around 4,000 incremental units in the first quarter.
At the same time, the lease object is also rented out under a sublease contract to the consumer; • Indirect consumer financing: The (lease) object is sold to a finance partner, who rents it out to a consumer.
His or her remit includes the definition and implementation of standards to ensure that risks are captured and evaluated.
The fair values of identifiable assets are determined using appropriate valuation techniques.
The liquidity line had a volume of €1.0 billion and a term of twelve months.
These include taking comprehensive precautions to create a safe working environment and ensuring employees know how to avoid risks and accidents.
The segment is progressively working through its order book, which means that most of these positive price effects will not materialize until the second half of the year.
The KION Group aims to train all its employees regularly on the most critical topics (anti-corruption, avoiding conflicts of inter-est, competition law, anti-money laundering, data protection, IT security and human rights).
Obviously, on the equipment side, you now have almost like a year of lead times and was just wondering if you see any scope for discussions with clients about the pricing of the backlog.
KION GROUP AG’s Supervisory Board had five standing committees in the reporting year.
The current low level of profitability for KION is not satisfying, and we’re taking actions to address this.
The gross proceeds from the capital increase came to €602.9  million.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management re-port.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the executive directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
The standing committees have each drawn up rules of procedure that define their tasks and working methods.
As 31.25 percent of its members are female (five of 16), the Supervisory Board meets the statutory requirements regarding gender representation on supervisory boards pursuant to section 96 (2) AktG.
You know that warehouse trucks individually are smaller machines in many cases, and certainly, the counterbalance trucks in that mix are more expensive machines.
Energy The KION Group continually develops its products and solutions so that its customers are able to use energy as efficiently and sustainably as possible.
The option to stipulate a larger majority than a simple majority in any other cases has not been exercised in the articles of association.
Since October 4, 2021, KION GROUP AG has had a new syndicated revolving credit facility (RCF) with a total volume of €1,000.0 million.
After deduction of cash and cash equivalents, the resulting net debt amounted to €721.8 million (December 31, 2020: €1,009.5 million).
The capital increase took effect when its implementation was entered in the commercial register at the Wiesbaden local court under HRB 27060 on 23 May 2017.
Executive Board The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG is responsible for the operational management of the KION Group.
They also help to improve transportation qual-ity, reliability, and productivity.
In addition, three new collaborative projects got under way in 2021.
Beyond 2022, the KION Group expects to see long-term market growth in the new truck business of around 4 percent.
The Americas region (North, Central, and South America) registered a small decrease in orders of 0.1 percent.
As a result, the KION Group is in a position to ascertain at an early stage whether market trends, competitive trends or events within the Group require individual areas of opportunity to be re-evaluated.
Variable elements are included in the transaction price only if it is highly unlikely that the revenue that has already been recognized will subsequently be cancelled.
It also forms part of this annual report and is a component of the combined management report.
However, customer orders secured in 2022 at the higher sales prices did not yet have a significant impact on segment revenue owing to the long delivery times.
The contractually agreed interest terms for the revolving credit facility are linked to KION GROUP AG’s credit rating and to compliance with the Group’s sustainability KPIs.
During the further waves of the virus in 2021, the KION Group implemented measures at all sites in order to prevent the spread of infection and enhanced them as needed, depending on the local situation.
The KION Group anticipates that the global market for industrial trucks will remain fairly flat this year in view of the ongoing geopolitical uncertainties and the expected economic volatility.
The KION Group believes that considering both sets of factors in the round will be instrumental to its success in achieving the objectives of the KION 2027 strategy.
Revenue reached €7.5 billion, up 26%, and adjusted EBIT almost doubled, reaching €691 million, representing a margin of 9.2%, and free cash flow for the group ended up at a positive €135 million.
The KION Group maintains a liquidity reserve in the form of agreed and confirmed credit lines and cash in order to ensure long-term financial flexibility and solvency.
At the time that this combined management report was prepared, all known risks were reflected in the outlook for 2024 with their gross risk level and expected probability of occurrence.
Remuneration The remuneration paid to the Executive Board comprises a fixed salary and non-cash benefits, pension entitlements, and performance-related components.
We expect to have diversity in our Executive Board post conclusion of the search as well.
At the same time, the lease object is also rented out under a sublease contract to the consumer; • Indirect consumer financing: The (lease) object is sold to a finance partner, who rents it out to a consumer.
Otherwise the executive directors are responsible for the other information.
The tax rate remained at the high level that we have seen in quarter 2 and is impacted by temporary effects.
This item also includes liabilities for personnel measures in connection with the capacity and structural program initiated in the EMEA region.
This planning is based on assumptions derived from external economic research studies and sectoral studies relating to future conditions in the global economy and to future sector-specific conditions in the global material handling market.
There could be more M&A needed in the SCS division to help with competitiveness there.
It will be the only original equipment manufacturer thus far to produce these systems itself.
The figure for non-recurring items in 2019 had included expenses for restructuring and reorganization-related measures under the KION 2027 strategy.
Introduction Sustainability management People Products  Processes About this  report Annex  KION GROUP AG 35 Sustainability Report 2022 In addition, there are the employment-related principles and rights set out in the eight fundamental labor conventions of the International Labour Organization (ILO).
Other information The executive directors and/or the supervisory board are responsible for the other information.
All sites are scheduled to be certified to ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 by 2024.
Interest expense from the leasing and short-term rental businesses, which totaled €53.3 million (2019: €57.6 million), was attributable both to liabilities from financing the direct and indirect leasing business and to liabilities from financing the short-term rental fleet.
And it allows our customers to shift capex into opex.
We are investing in our innovation pipeline to deliver the next generation of sustainable technologies.
Of the relevant market volume, the KION Group estimates that around 60 percent is attributable to revenue from industrial trucks and related services, which play an important role in maintaining global and regional production and supply chains in all sectors.
If the Company fails to do this, its technological and competitive position could be compromised in the long term.
It is based on the ISO 14001, ISO 45001, and other standards and covers the KION Group’s production facilities as well as sales, service, and installations.
And we also haven't seen, of course, up until now customers dropping out of the pipeline.
The focus is on increasing the efficiency of energy grids by means of peak power management, thereby avoiding expensive spikes in electricity consumption when electric forklift trucks are charging.
Any donation or sponsorship must now be checked and approved in advance by the compli-ance department.
This is, of course, also impacted by the higher net working capital needs.
They can also materialise as secondary risks resulting from the aforementioned procurement risks.
Český Krumlov  Czech Republic  14  100.0%  100.0%   120  Linde Pohony s.r.o.
These counterparty risks did not change significantly in 2019.
Reducing the amount of energy consumption and substituting current energy sources with carbon neutral alternatives where pos-sible have thus also been identified as the key levers in minimising its impact on climate change.
Deferred taxes are recognized on deductible temporary differences and on tax loss carryforwards and interest carryforwards to the extent that taxable temporary differences exist or that it is probable that sufficient taxable income will be available in the future.
Consequently, they involve a number of risks and uncertainties.
Further geopolitical tensions and global economic uncertainty cannot be ruled out for the year 2020.
As a basis for this call, we would like to use our preliminary full year 2019 chart.
EMEA’s going to be up a bit next year.
The use of tax reductions in connection with research and development (R&D) projects recognized as an expense also helped to reduce the tax expense compared with the previous year.
We were engaged by the supervisory board on 2/21 September 2022.
• obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express audit opinions on the consolidated  KION GROUP AG 277 Annual report 2020 financial statements and on the combined management report.
Independence of the Supervisory Board members In 2020, the Supervisory Board defined what it considers to be an adequate number of independent Supervisory Board members.
The amount of the benefits paid to executives depends on the type of entitlement.
Innovation Innovation activities are focused on the development of cross-segment technologies for tomorrow’s material handling market.
At the meetings, the board members discuss measures and business that, under the Executive Board’s rules of procedure, must be approved by the full Executive Board.
There were no countermotions, nominations, or requests for additions to the agenda.
151KION GROUP AGNOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSBasis of presentationAnnual Report 2019>  TABLE  047 shows the significant parameters for impairment testing broken down by Operating Unit.
Equally, an escalation of the real estate crisis in China could lead to state interventions that would dent the outlook for growth not just in the APAC region but also in the export-driven European economy.
And as we see opportunities that make good sense for us, we’re ready to be pursuing those.
Equity increased by €348.1 million in the reporting year.
These hedges are accounted for as portfolio fair value hedges in accordance with IAS 39 (see note [42]).
Employee feedback In 2021 and 2022, the KION Group conducted a global employee survey: “KION Pulse”.
Each risk is documented in a reporting system designed specifically for the require-ments of risk management.
In the breakdown by customer segment in the project business, the food and beverage, and grocery retail/wholesale sectors were the main driving forces in the anticipated expansion in the supply chain solutions market in 2022.
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of the Company.
The gains / losses on hedge reserves are the effective portion of the changes in the fair value of hedging instruments in formally documented hedges.
Contract modifications and claims against customers are factored into the project costing provided that the parties to the contract have agreed to them and they do not give rise to any distinct performance obligation.
And it will be roughly 3 percentage points plus additional depreciation.
The accounting-based internal control and risk management system includes written policies and procedures, compliance with the double-checking principle, and approval procedures.
> TABLE 124List of shareholdings as at 31 December 2019 (continued)TABLE 124No.
Page 10 shows the reconciliation from the adjusted EBITDA to group net income.
Personnel expenses amounted to €74.0 million, a year-on-year rise of €21.5 million.
Customers and industry experts were able to learn about and discuss new trends and applications during various workshops and presentations.
In the customer project business, the aforementioned disruptions to the supply of components mainly manifest themselves in the form of isolated project delays and increased expenditure on project realization, but they can also affect procurement.
This helps to systematically identify and support staff across the Group who have potential, who are high performers or who are experts in key functions.
It will be applied to new contracts in force from January 1, 2021.
The provisions for personnel comprise provisions for long-service awards, partial retirement obliga-tions, share-based remuneration obligations, severance pay, and obligations under social plans.
The measurement parameters shown in >  TABLE 122 were used to value the phantom shares on the reporting date.
After the loss in the third quarter, the adjusted EBIT turned positive again in the fourth quarter, and we finished with a positive €82 million in the fourth quarter.
Our responsibilities under those requirements and principles are further described in the ‘Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and of the Combined Management Report’ section of our auditor’s report.
Financial services support the sale of new trucks in many markets, forming another pillar of the service business.
Adjusted EBITDAAdjusted EBITDA is EBITDA adjusted for company-specific purchase price allocation effects and non-recurring items.
We do not express a separate audit opinion on the prospective information and on the assumptions used as a basis.
At the meetings, the board members discuss measures and business that, under the Executive Board’s rules of procedure, must be approved by the full Executive Board.
In the planning period, a continual rise in adjusted EBIT is anticipated in the KION ITS EMEA and KION SCS CGUs, whose combined goodwill makes up more than 95 percent of the total goodwill recognized by the Group.
The capital increase took effect when its implementation was entered in the commercial register at the Wiesbaden local court under HRB 27060 on May 23, 2017.
STILL’s electric-powered RX 60-25/35 truck matches the performance of a truck fitted with an IC engine.
Rendering of services  Revenue from the rendering of services is recognized upon performance of the service, either at a point in time or over a period of time.
Our order intake grew by 5.3% to €9.1 billion, driven by both of our operating units.
In October, Dematic again hosted the Material Handling & Logistics Conference (MHLC), which was held entirely online for the first time.
The defined benefits include not only a life-long retirement pension but also surviving dependants’ benefits.
In addition, the Executive Board held conference calls to report on each set of quarterly results.
The annual financial statements of KION GROUP AG are prepared in accordance with the provi-sions in the German Commercial Code (HGB) and the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG).
Another contributing factor was increased flexibility in production, which meant that many of the unfinished trucks were completed on time and shipped before the end of the year.
In the indirect leasing business, industrial trucks are sold to leasing companies (vendor partners) that enter into long-term leases with end customers.
Furthermore, an expense of €1.3 million for the 2017 tranche had been recognized under the relevant functional costs in 2019.
Ltd. subsidiary manufactures and sells electric and IC industrial trucks and warehouse trucks.
So there, I would obviously be curious why the Q4 order intake was so strong.
The Executive Board is also authorized until July 15, 2025 to issue warrant-linked bonds, convertible bonds, or profit-sharing rights with a total par value of up to €1,000.0 million that contain pre-emption rights/obligations for up to 11,809,000 no-par-value shares.
A proprietary 24-volt fuel-cell system for warehouse trucks will be brought to market before the end of this year.
Many factors, several of which are beyond the control of the KION Group, affect the Group’s busi-ness activities and profitability as well as the earnings of KION GROUP AG.
EBIT margin improved for the fourth consecutive quarterComments on Q3 resultsKION GROUP AG | Q3 2023 Update Call | 26 October 2023Higher net financial expenses and taxes partly offset improved adj.
KION performance share plan (PSP) for managersThe 2019 tranche of the long-term, variable remuneration compo-nent for the managers in the KION Group (LTI 2019) was granted with effect from 1 January 2019 and has a term of three years.
Free cash flow – the sum of cash flow from operating activities and investing activities – was significantly negative at minus €715.6 million (2021: positive cash flow of €543.8 million).
Initial value of the KION share (60-days average)  57.79 €  48.68 € Initial value of the MDAX (60-days average)  26,893.05 pts.
My question is on IT&S and specifically on operating leverage.
This means that the percentage of completion calculated as at the reporting date, the revenue to be recognized, and the project’s profit or loss may change.
The KION Group regularly assesses its aggregate risk position arising from the lease business.
It would be interesting to know how you are dealing with the market at this point.
Furthermore, receivables management and credit risk management are refined on an ongoing basis.
At €6,514.0 million, revenue was near the upper end of the target range of €6,250 million to €6,550 million.
This represented a significant improvement when viewed in comparison with the previous year, which had been affected by acquisition items (2020: €120.9 million).
Having a groupwide risk-bearing capacity plan requires the Group to define a level of risk appetite across the various risk types that will help it to achieve the objectives of the KION 2027 strategy.
Order intake for warehouse trucks was also boosted by China’s strong growth, rising by 11.2 percent year on year.
You subtract the capex of €500 million, and then there might be some room or not for other activities such as M&A.
The measures that were initiated in the prior year to improve internal processes in project delivery and project management and the inclusion of price adjustment clauses in customer contracts were continued in 2023 with a view to helping to mitigate risk in 2024.
So that’s the most important criteria for booking an order.
The Annual General Meeting on 11 May 2017 voted to create new authorised capital that will enable the KION Group to  continue to meet its funding needs quickly and flexibly.
The KION Group pursues an open dialog with a wide range of stakeholder groups, either directly via surveys or at events (Table 27).
Then in December 2022, a further amendment agreement was signed that increased the total volume from €1,000.0 million to €1,385.7 million.
Including non-recurring items and purchase price allocation effects, EBIT came to €389.9 million (2019: €716.6 million).
There are also legal provisions pertaining to exports and financing business.
Currency effects, mainly from the resurgent US dollar, boosted the value of order intake by €87.7 million.
Just wonder whether you could give us an update on how that's been faring early into Q1 and also what measures you've been taking around the utilization of that fleet or the investment levels in that fleet.
Contingent consideration elements are included at fair value at the date of acquisition when determining the purchase consideration.
At the same time, we reaffirmed our target for 2023 of achieving a double-digit adjusted EBIT margin of between 10 and 12 percent.
The vast majority of employees have access to voluntary health-related activities at their site.
In the case of sale and leaseback sub-lease transactions, risks and rewards incidental to the head lease are usually substantially borne by subsidiaries in the KION Group, so the industrial trucks are reported as rental assets and measured at amortized cost.
The name of the company is KION (Jinan) Forklift Co., Ltd., Jinan, People’s Republic of China.
The variable performance-related components comprise an annually recurring component linked to business performance and a multi-year performance-related component in the form of the KION performance share plan (see also note [46]).
The Group only enters into transactions with business partners and banks holding a good credit rating and subject to fixed limits.
A foreign-currency receivable or liability is recognized when goods are dispatched or received.
Of this amount, €8.6 million was attributable to the restructuring of the UK sales or-ganization, which is now largely complete.
Individual provisions are recognized for claims that are known to the Group.
The latter was primarily due to the much lower level of trade payables at the end of the year and the volume-related growth of receivables from customers.
The discretionary performance multiple for Ms. Schneeberger has already been set to 1.0 for 2020.
With the excep-tion of income and expenses recognised as other comprehensive income, equity is recognised at historical rates.
On the basis of this estimate, deferred tax assets have been recognized on some loss carryforwards and interest carryforwards and on tax credits.
The KION Group is among the world’s leading suppliers of industrial trucks and supply chain solutions.
Adjusted EBITDA was €1,241.7 million (2021: €1,297.9 million), giving an adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.9 percent (2021: 19.9 percent).
To this end, we first examined the KION IFRS Accounting Manual, which represents the basis for routine programming, for conformity with the IFRS.
Associates and joint ventures that are of material importance to the presentation of the financial position and financial performance of the KION Group are accounted for using the equity method.
Exceeding the agreed maximum level of leverage as at a particular reference date gives lenders a right of termination.
In 2022, the proportion of cost of materials for new trucks in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment directly influenced by changes in commodity prices increased.
This also includes training concepts to prepare for changes associated with increasing auto-mation and digitalization.
A variety of per-sonnel measures – including using up accumulated credit hours in working-time accounts, introduc-ing short-time working, and forgoing salary increases – helped to flexibly manage the temporary capacity adjustments and production restrictions.
The future development of KION GROUP AG and its subsidiaries and the results that are actually achieved are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual events or results to differ significantly from those reflected in the forward-looking statements.
Akash Gupta And is down payment also a KPI?
So we've been Page 19   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2019 Update Call Transcription working with them for almost 20 years, and we have 150 installed sites, so very familiar thing.
We’ve been working on our service elements and have made good progress on pricing and services.
the risk that partners will fail to meet their contractual obligations.
Sales risks  The main sales risks – besides a drop in demand caused by market conditions – result from dependence on individual customers and sectors.
For 2019, the UK subsidiaries listed in > TABLE 045 exercised the exemption in section 479A of the UK Companies Act 2006, which releases them from the obligation to have their separate financial statements audited.
In contrast to the project business, revenue in the service business (customer services) rose by 7.9 percent year on year due to the maintenance, modernization, and upgrading of the solutions already installed for customers.
The discount rate is a before-tax interest rate that reflects current market expectations for the time value of money and the specific risks inherent in the liability.
And so we’ve got a mix of those different kind of orders in our backlog.
The rate of participation for the meetings of the Supervisory Board and its committees stood at around 93 percent.
Adjusted EBITDA rose to €1,748.7 million (2022: €1,218.7 million), giving an adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.3 percent (2022: 10.9 percent).
6a HGB in conjunction with GAS 171,3272,301311–  1  Non-performance related, non-cash remuneration and other benefits include expenses and / or benefits in kind, such as the use of a company car and housing costs.
First of all, Mr. Wassenberg, I’ve got a question to you, please.
The expanding installed base of completed projects also resulted in a greater volume of orders in the service business.
And our objective is to have a total of up to 5,000 tons of end-of-life battery material professionally and sustainably processed at the Li-Cycle recycling plant in Magdeburg, Germany, by 2030.
Our shareholders understandably responded to this news with disappointment, and this was reflected in a significant fall in KION's share price by the end of 2022.
And yet when I look at the share price, when I look at the implied valuation multiples, there is not much of a big difference between the truck and the SCS business.
Revenue in Q4 increased moderately by 2.6% to €2.3 billion, whereas adjusted EBIT declined by 10.5% to €226 million, resulting in an adjusted EBIT margin of 9.9%.
Liabilities from the leasing business comprise all liabilities from financing the leasing business on the basis of sale and leaseback sub-lease transactions, lease facilities, and the issuance of notes (securitization).
This is ensured via a comprehensive compliance management system that centres on the KION Group Code of Compliance (KGCC), which lays out the guidelines for ethical, value-oriented and law-abiding business activities.
The increase was mainly due to paper issued under the commercial paper program; the volume issued as at December 31, 2022 was €305.0 million (December 31, 2021: €0.0 million).
There are other ways of doing that and different ways of doing that.
A team is responsible for monitoring the system-based controls, which it supplements with manual checks.
Moreover, the KION Group closely monitors the market and its competitors so that it can identify market risks at an early stage and adjust its production capacities in good time.
Subsequently, the carrying amount of the equity investment is adjusted in line with any changes to the KION Group’s interest in the net assets of the investee.
As a rule, the KION Group finances its lease business in the same currency as the lease with the end customer in order to exclude currency risks.
This includes the use of polluting substances and the generation of harmful emissions.
R&D costs totaling €156.8 million were ex-pensed (2019: €155.3 million).
The increase in  liabilities from procure-ment leases was primarily due to the start of two property leases.
The risks identified are immediately taken into account by the Company in the costing of new leases by recognising write-downs or provisions and adjusting the residual values.
In the direct lease business, industrial trucks with a carrying amount of €1,077.3.
This item included liabilities from procurement leases amounting to €543.6 million (December 31, 2020: €527.0 million), for which right-of-use assets were recorded.
0Introduction Sustainability management People Products  Processes About this  report Annex  KION GROUP AG 7 Sustainability Report 2022 This places our focus on a climate-neutral, environmentally conscious and circular economy, the product portfolio and employees.
We have 80 part numbers that are on the list and being monitored and are now covered until May.
If an Executive Board member suffers temporary incapacity, he will receive his full fixed salary for a maximum period of six months plus the one-year variable remuneration.
In the case of business combinations in stages, previously held equity interests are recognized at their fair value at the acquisition date.
Employees with the necessary expertise provide support on specialist questions and complex issues.
The effects on cash from changes in exchange rates are shown separately.
Deliver this in a couple of months’ time”?
The fair value was determined using appropriate valuation methods that drew on observable inputs to the greatest possible extent.
It has entered into interest-rate swaps in order to hedge interest-rate risk arising on the varia-ble-rate financial liabilities.
The management system, expected development, and the opportunities and risks of the KION Group are described in detail in the ‘Management system’ and ‘Outlook, risk report, and opportunity report’ sections of this combined management report.
Due to the international composition of the Executive Board, the meetings of the Executive Board in 2023 were mainly held in a hybrid format (i.e.
Baoli focuses on industrial trucks in the lower value and economy segments.
Financial liabilities assigned to the FVPL category are initially recognized at fair value; directly at-tributable transaction costs have to be taken directly to profit or loss.
The growth rate used for Dematic was 1.3 per cent (2018: 1.3 per cent).
The Company achieves these aims by avoiding business scenarios or personnel structures that could give the impression of a conflict of interest and by taking transparent steps and issuing clear communica-tions.
The key audit matters were discussed and set out accordingly at the Audit Committee’s meeting on October 26, 2022.
In this calculation, the number of performance shares is rounded to the nearest whole number where necessary.
17KION GROUP AGTO OUR SHAREHOLDERSReport of the Supervisory BoardAnnual Report 2019Against this backdrop, it was only logical to work with the Executive Board last year to tackle the next phase in the implementation of KION 2027.
The KION Group therefore strives to use local supplier structures to reduce transport distances and optimise the availability of materials and parts.
We’re excited about the industry we’re in, and we’re really proud of our company and how it’s doing.
125KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTRemuneration reportAnnual Report 20192) Allocation pursuant to the DCGKThe total remuneration allocated to / earned by Executive Board members for 2019 was €11,303 thousand (2018: €9,320 thou-sand).
The additional benefits were measured at the value calcu-lated for tax purposes.
In addition, the introduction of a material database is in planning.
The German Stock Corporation Act and the detailed provisions of the GCGC provide the basis for making decisions on this matter.
These products are aimed at reducing injuries to operators and damage to goods and infrastructure.
The Supply Chain Solutions segment performed very well in 2020: It received a huge boost to growth from the sus-tained expansion of e-commerce and the demand for material handling technologies in warehouse logistics.
A reconciliation of EBIT to adjusted EBIT is presented in > TABLE 011.
Details of the compliance management system can be found in the section ‘Compliance’, which is part of the combined management report.
Location-based emission factors for pur-chased electrical energy are retrieved from the ecoinvent database (year specific versions).
Further training is planned for the first half of 2023.
Details of the remuneration of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG can be found in note [47].
In 2019, the KION Group sold financial assets with a total value of €116.5 million (2018: €152.3 million) in factoring transac-tions.
They influence the success of the segment’s project and service businesses.
When making its assessment, the KION Group takes into consideration all facts and circumstances that offer an economic incentive to exercise extension options or to not exercise termination options.
The minutes of the committee meetings are made available to all Supervisory Board members.
The basis for decision-making includes sensitivity analyses of interest-rate risk positions in key currencies.
The fall in provisions by €36.9 million to €88.2 million was mainly the result of utilization of the tax provision recognized in the previous year.
This equated to 0.6 times adjusted EBITDA in the year under review (2019: 1.0 times).
This figure can essentially be broken down into promissory notes with a carrying amount of €1,317.3 million (2018: €1,214.3 million) and liabilities to banks of €399.5 million (2018: €604.5 million).
With its high performance and agility for indoor and outdoor use, it is an e-truck with IC truck characteristics and allows us to further drive the industry shift towards electric trucks.
Prague  Czech Republic  14 & 23  100.0%  100.0%   119  Linde Material Handling Parts Distribution CZ s.r.o.
Leased or used trucks, it’s a dynamic market, too.
Pay-ment terms vary in accordance with the customary conditions in the respective countries.
Deferred tax assets on tax loss carryforwards and interest carryforwards are recognized on the basis of an estimate of the future recoverability of the tax benefit, i.e.
The Supervisory Board also met regularly without the Executive Board during the reporting period.
In addition, a total of five bilateral loans, each with a volume of €100.0 million, were taken out with banks in June and July 2022.
EBIT marginsQ & A Session16KION GROUP AG | Q3 2023 Update Call | 26 October 2023AppendixFY 2023 Expectation – Housekeeping Items181.
The aim was to boost awareness of diversity, equality of opportunity, and integrity and to ensure mutual respect is embedded as a core aspect of this.
This forecast is driven largely by the expectation of a rebound of growth in China to 5.2 percent following the lifting of its zero-COVID strategy.
Actual business performance may deviate from the KION Group’s forecasts due, among other factors, to the opportunities and risks described here.
Global investment for sustained growth Strategic capital expenditure is helping us to achieve our growth targets.
And moreover, we started construction of our new ITS plant in Poland.
The aim is to continuously update the risk assessment criteria and to carry out a meaningful assessment for new locations as well.
KION GROUP AG recognizes non-controlling interests at the proportionate value of the net assets attributable to them excluding goodwill.
Manual and automated solutions are provided for all functions to ensure seamless material handling for customers, from goods inward and Multishuttle warehouse systems to picking, automated palletizing, and automated guided vehicle systems.
Overall, the KION Group provided information about its performance during 22 in-person and 13 virtual conference and roadshow days, which included meetings with experts.
Management and controlCorporate governanceThe KION Group follows generally accepted standards of sound, responsible corporate governance.
They have to build up their shareholding to this percentage and hold the shares for as long as they remain on the Executive Board.
If a vote is tied, the matter will only be renegotiated if the majority of the Supervisory Board vote in favor of this option.
This fair value, calculated for the purposes of disclosure in the notes to the financial statements, is classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
Specific individual risks are then reported by each Group entity using a reporting tool that is tailored to requirements.
The European Central Bank (ECB) progressively raised the interest rate for its deposit facility to 4.0 percent over the course of 2023.
That can’t be forgotten, Poland, Stříbro 3, and Jinan is being ramped up, which goes into full swing next year.
The members of the Supervisory Board receive an attend-ance fee of €1,500 per day for meetings of the Supervisory Board and its committees, although they only receive this amount once if they attend more than one meeting on the same day.
The proposal was discussed at the Audit Committee’s meeting on February 22, 2023, and committee members were given the opportunity to speak to the auditors in person.
To this end, there was a drive to develop strategic objectives and corresponding key performance indicators (KPIs).
And due to the corona pandemic in the Asian region, we expect the APAC market has been under substantial pressure in Q2.
Other financial liabilities also included liabilities from procure-ment leases amounting to €486.1 million (2018: €421.2 million), for which right-of-use assets were recorded.
The Presentation is private and confidential and may not be reproduced, redistributed or disclosed in any way in whole or in part to any other person without the prior written consent of the Company.
Personnel liabilities primarily consist of liabilities for one-year variable remuneration, outstanding annual leave, flexitime and overtime credit, and wages and salaries not yet paid.
KION GROUP AG generally issues guarantees to the banks for Group companies’ existing payment obligations.
So I think that will help us deliver better and have it more in grip.
Around 50 variants of diesel and electric forklift trucks will be built on the platform, using standard components wherever possible.
Electric forklift truck orders and warehouse truck orders rose by an even greater amount (up by 56.7 percent and 53.7 percent respectively) and were up significantly in all sales regions.
Furthermore, they include repurchase obligations resulting from the indirect leasing business.
On behalf of everyone on the Supervisory Board, I wish Ms. Groth all the best for the future and further success as she continues along her career path.
Rob Smith What I’d point out to you, Sebastian, is we’ve got a very strong order book in both of our businesses.
A sum of €437.2 million, representing some of the financing of the short-term rental fleet, was recognised under liabilities from financial services (2018: €307.1 million).
This amount had been repaid in full by the reporting date.
Moreover, a downward trend in financial markets could have a significant effect on minimum funding requirements, some of which apply outside Ger-many.
The carrying amount of an asset is compared with its recoverable amount.
Otherwise, the executive directors are responsible for the other infor-mation.
People want things same day, next day latest, and labor is very hard to get in warehouses.
So, it might continue to grow in the second half.
The presidents of the Operating Units are responsible for compliance within the operating business, while the functional managers are responsible for core administrative processes in the departments at the Group’s headquarters.
Under the requirements of GAS 17, IFRS 2, and the HGB, the total expense arising from share-based payments and the fair value of the performance share plan on the date of granting must be disclosed.
This will be measured according to the total greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 3) from the products and solutions sold each year.
At the start of 2024, the chairman of the Supervisory Board held discussions with investors about corporate governance matters relating to the Supervisory Board.
By contrast, the risk situation in terms of market risk, production risk, and sales risk almost normalized compared with the previous year.
A specifically established team of dedicated sustainability specialists supports the implementation of this strategy.
And with KION Battery Systems GmbH, KION Group has established a new joint venture with BMZ Holding GmbH for the development and production of lithium-ion batteries.
Strong demand for robotics applications and their integration in customers’ software environments is therefore likely.
Of this figure, €470.7 million was attributable to land and buildings (December 31, 2022: €445.7 million) and €118.5 million to plant & machinery and office furniture & equipment (December 31, 2022: €97.9 million).
Other criteria used to determine remuneration are the individual responsibilities and personal per-formance of each member of the Executive Board.
However, the average for 2022 was still much higher than in the prior year.
On the reporting date, monetary items are translated at the closing rate and non-monetary items at the rate prevailing on the transaction date.
The effects from purchase price allocations comprised net write-downs and other expenses in relation to the step-ups and charges identified as part of the acquisition processes.
This was partly attributable to non-tax-deductible expenses, which did not decrease to the same extent as earnings before tax.
The Supervisory Board therefore supports the inclusion of additional female members and members from different cultural backgrounds who meet the above criteria insofar as the skills re-quirements are met.
Administrative expenses also jumped, by 17.1 per cent, to reach €546.9 million (2018: €467.1 million).
We are having some issues getting the stuff out the door.
A few big-ticket orders that had already been confirmed were cancelled altogether, while some customer orders whose negotiations had been concluded were postponed until further notice.
And so, as we put those in place on a going-forward basis, they will over time be making an improvement in the margins on both trucks and also on projects.
In November 2022, the KION Group announced that it would be significantly increasing capacity at its plant in Reutlingen, Germany, which is home to the Group’s global business in order picking stacker trucks.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
Furthermore, the increasing automation of warehouses and the resulting rise in indoor material handling are pushing up demand for industrial trucks with an electric drive.
In addition, Dematic launched the joint AIGV project with the University of Edinburgh in 2022 with the aim of making person/robots-to-goods applications much more efficient, flexible and customer-oriented for the warehouses of tomorrow.
Rob Smith No, no, that’s a good understanding.
These backlogs can lead to temporary decreases in revenue and liquidity as well as to inefficiencies in production.
The total remuneration of the members of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board came to €22.4 million (2022: €9.0 million).
Because it operates in countries in which the political or legal situation is uncertain, the KION Group is exposed to the consequent risk of government regulation, changes to customs rules, capital controls, expropriations, and social unrest.
There was an additional focus on identifying young high-potential candidates who will be put on targeted development programs.
The KION Group proactively meets these requirements by taking note of planned regulatory changes at an early stage and actively communicating the requirements to its suppliers.
Segment reports are prepared in accordance with the same ac-counting policies as the consolidated financial statements, as described in note [7].
In the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, hedges are entered into at individual company level for highly probable future transactions on the basis of rolling 15-month forecasts, as well as for firm commitments not reported in the statement of financial position.
These non-GAAP measures have been included because we believe that investors may find them helpful to measure our performance as reported under the relevant IFRS measures.
Ltd.  Singapore  Singapore  APAC  100.00%  17   29  Dematic Pty.
Delays in delivery or a rise in the number of complaints could harm the KION Group’s stand-ing with its customers and, as a result, could harm its financial situation.
In the year under review, the external audit of the compliance management system in the anti-cor-ruption section was completed in accordance with IDW PS 980, based on ISO 19600.
Currency translation effects had a negative impact on the KION Group’s operating performance in 2023, whereas the prior-year figures had been strongly influenced by positive currency effects.
As at December 31, 2022, outstanding lease payments with a present value of €754.4 million (December 31, 2021: €654.4 million) were available as collateral for liabilities from the lease business.
Our global teams have showed our customers that they can continue to move forward with KION!
The target figure for ROCE is in the range of 11.0 percent to 12.0 percent.
That is why a detailed compliance program that is framed with regard to the Company’s risk situation has been set up for KION GROUP AG and its Group companies worldwide.
And that’s why we’re excited about Page 28   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call Transcription extending and expanding our lithium-ion capacity in the KION Battery Systems.
Thank you very much for answering all the questions.
The KION Group makes estimates regarding future residual values.
In a highly competitive industry, attracting, developing, engaging, and retaining talents is a major driver for business success and profitable growth.
The presidents of the Operating Units are responsible for compliance within the operating business, while the functional managers are responsible for core administrative processes in the departments at the Group’s headquarters.
The other information also includes the remaining parts of the annual report.
In a wider sense governance encompasses business ethics as well as the KION Group's understanding of sustainable business management including but not limited to compliance, corporate citizenship and communications.
Internal IT resources are pooled in the cross-segment KION Group IT function, which has well-established processes for portfolio management and project planning and control.
The KION Group’s product devel-opment and innovation processes are also characterized by close involvement of customers.
Market planning takes into account macroeconomic and industry-specific performance, which is described below.
The default risk for the Group and for the counterparty is taken into account on the basis of gross figures.
In addition, the KION Group’s external auditor examines the early-warning system for risk as part of its annual audit of the consolidated financial statements.
Český KrumlovCzech Republic52100.00%100.00%117 Linde Material Handling Česká republika s.r.o.
This was predominantly due to the disproportionately strong increase in revenue from the project business in the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
As a result, our customers will be able to operate even more efficiently.
2 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) are disclosed in note 6 of the separate financial statements of KION GROUP AG for the year ended December 31, 2023.
In accordance with IAS 36, they are tested for impairment at least once a year or on an ad hoc basis if there are indications that the asset might be impaired.
In a positive macroeconomic scenario, order intake and revenue could exceed the target ranges, which would have a positive effect on earnings too.
This also applies to the system of personal targets for the individual Executive Board members, which follows the principle of pay for performance.
The Supervisory Board can also use a discretionary individual performance multiple to adjust the final payment at the end of the performance period by + / – 30.0 percent.
Dematic continued the series of virtual events for customers by hosting the first Europe-wide AutoStore® showcase.
On average, the euro appreciated against the US dollar, pound sterling, and the Chinese renminbi in the reporting year.
Other provisions Non-current and current other provisions rose to €370.2 million as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: €340.3 million).
The full Executive Board normally meets every 14 days and meetings are chaired by the Chief Executive Officer.
Page 9   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call Transcription  So I’d like to conclude on Page 15 with some key takeaways, please.
Digitalization has led to greater demand for networked trucks, such as fleet management systems and products that use big data to support predictive maintenance tools.
From early 2021, efficiency is set to be further enhanced by the relocation of a product series from Aschaffenburg to the new Polish site in Kołbaskowo, near Szczecin.
Because of its customer project business, the Supply Chain Solutions segment generally has a greater dependence on individual sectors and individual customers than the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, which is not dependent on individual customers.
In the past, the material handling market has been heavily influenced by macroeconomic factors.
The non-recurring items included in EBITDA arose mainly in connection with the capacity adjustments initiated in the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
The segment operates a multi-brand strategy involving the three international brands Linde, STILL, and Baoli plus the two local brands Fenwick and OM.
Detailed reports in this regard are set out in the ‘Business performance’ and ‘Financial position and financial performance of the KION Group’ sections.
This cooperation strengthens our position in the field of energy-efficient drive technology.
The amounts previously recognized in the hedge reserve are subsequently reclassified to the income statement when the gain or loss on the corresponding hedged item is recognized.
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units that are likely to benefit from the business combination.
So supply chain was really the greatest act in order to secure our supply chain.
This has been common knowledge on the capital markets for a good while now, with companies’ sustainability performances increasingly being assessed and used as the basis for investment decisions.
Over the course of the year, the Company made significant efforts to improve its agility and position itself better for the future while at the same time strengthening its resilience to any unforeseen developments.
The KION Group also pays particular attention to a supplier’s sustainability performance in its supplier selection process.
So let’s move on to the market update on Page 6.
Working methods of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board and composition of the committees of the Supervisory Board; shareholders and Annual General Meeting 3.1 Working methods of the Executive Board The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG comprised six members in 2021.
Financial risks resulting from the Company’s general funding situation would predominantly impact on the Corporate Services segment.
The proportion of the KION Group’s total workforce made up of women rose to 16.7  per  cent in 2019 compared with 16.2 per cent in 2018.
Ergonomics as a development goal The KION Group aims to minimize the strain on operators by ensuring that its products are as ergo-nomic as possible.
The industry-leading logistics automation software developed by DAI complements Dematic’s existing warehouse management system.
At the level of the KION Group, risk appetite is defined as the aggregate risk across the individual risk types that will be tolerated in order to achieve the strategic objectives and medium-term planning.
In the long term, the KION Group currently expects to see continued market growth in the new truck business of around 4 percent.
As proof of the effectiveness of this strat-egy, in the financial year 2020, 65 percent of suppliers reviewed improved their EcoVadis rating compared with the previous year.
Philippe Lorrain Yes, I was wondering whether you start seeing already orders in the warehouse automation for the reshoring of certain manufacturing capacities into higher-cost regions.
Is it right that perhaps the mix has improved slightly, but it was all disappearing because of the phasing of the SG&A and so on?
The best example of this is the new ergonomically optimized and highly dynamic picking station which was nearing completion in 2022.
The KION Group knows that although the occurrence of extreme risks is rare, the severity of the potential losses mean that they still pose a serious threat.
With the 32% increase in order backlog now to over €4.2 billion, the order backlog covers more than a year of new equipment sales, which stood at €3.3 billion on a 12-month rolling basis.
If the cost of acquisition is lower than the fair value of the acquiree’s net assets, the negative goodwill is recognized in profit or loss.
Anke Groth I think you will understand it very well after listening on Thursday to Gordon's and my part of the presentation.
So with a lot of hard work and a little bit of tailwind, maybe things are getting a little bit better vis-à-vis where they were very, very tight earlier last year.
Non-current financial liabilities stood at €1,361.8 million (December 31, 2021: €898.7 million).
New truck business was heavily affected by the lockdown measures in the spring, espe-cially in western and eastern Europe.
Wher-ever possible, local management positions are held by local executives.
Group-wide, consistent lease application shall ensure that the recognition, categorisation and classification of the various contract types according to the IFRS are complete and cor-rect.
Across the segments, the Group is moving forward with multi-brand solutions built on the use of networked trucks and AMRs and including a shared software platform and integrated services.
Don't forget we have a big part of the business in North America, so more than half.
GoodwillGoodwill has an indefinite useful life and is therefore not amor-tised.
Recoverability of the goodwill and brand names with indefinite useful life as recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position2.
In 2019, an expense totalling €0.9  million was recognised under the relevant functional costs for free shares and bonus shares in connection with the employee share option programme (2018: €1.0  million).
And I think you also just said in answer to the last question you expect unit volume to grow for KION.
In the second half of the year, the focus shifted to boosting financial strength over the long term and diversifying the portfolio, partly in view of the growth to be targeted after the coronavirus pandemic.
His Executive Board service contract is also due to end on that date.
Its portfolio encompasses industrial trucks such as forklift trucks and warehouse trucks, as well as automation and software solutions and related services for the optimisation of supply chains.
The order intake of the Supply Chain Solutions segment amounted to €4,329.4 million, thereby exceeding the target range of €3,800 million to €4,200 million.
Payment terms vary in accordance with the customary conditions in the respective countries and are generally between 30 and 90 days.
order intake, revenue) during the reporting period excluding the effects of changes in exchange rates.
A central Group risk man-ager is responsible for the implementation of risk management processes in line with procedures throughout the Group.
The KION Group offers a variety of reporting channels to internal and external whistleblowers in order to facilitate the identification of potential compliance breaches.
According to market research company Interact Analysis, the rate of expansion was more than 10  per  cent again.
• KION Financial Services (KION FS) is an internal funding partner for the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, providing finance solutions to support sales.
Executive Board members are subject to a post-contractual non-compete agreement of one year.
A possible escalation of the trade dispute between the United States and China is a particular risk as it may also affect companies that have a presence in both countries due to the regional distribution of their revenue or shareholders.
Page 15   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q3 2023 Update Call Transcription George Featherstone Okay.
Dubai  United Arab Emirates  3  49.0%  49.0%   Financial investments Foreign 195  Balyo SA  Ivry-sur-Seine  France  14  6.4%  6.4%  [3] 196  TPZ Linde Viličari Hrvatska d.o.o.
What is your basis assumption that informs the global outlook being more flat year-over-year?
Focusing on people, planet, and profitable growth is our triple bottom line.
All other components of pension expenses were recognized under functional costs.
Consequently, four shareholder representatives who, as agreed, had resigned before the Annual General Meeting, were appointed as shareholder representatives for a further five years.
The KION Group is a publicly listed corporate group and therefore ensures that its financial man-agement takes into account the interests of shareholders, the banks providing its funding, and other lenders.
Dematic was named ‘Voice Partner of the Year’ for the Asia-Pacific region by Honeywell, while STILL’s hand-operated pallet truck series EXH-14-20-Plus picked up an IFOY award in the ‘warehouse trucks lowlifter’ category in 2023.
It may take some time into next year, but they will be coming back, and they will be continuing to participate in the growth as they grow into that capacity that we helped them install.
Order intake grew by 5.3% to €9.1 billion, which was mainly supported by the very strong SCS development and the solid IT&S order intake.
Employees HR strategy The ultimate objective of the KION Group’s HR strategy is to provide the best possible support for the targeted implementation of the KION 2027 strategy, with which it is closely aligned.
No part of this Presentation, nor the fact of its distribution, should form the basis of, or be relied on by any person in connection with, any contract or commitment or investment decision whatsoever.
After taking into account the dividend payment of €4.7 million and the net loss for the year of €6.5 million, equity rose to €4,631.9 million (December 31, 2019: €3,828.6 million).
Measures to actively manage the performance of executives were strengthened, for example.
These translate into a focus to improve energy efficiency, process efficiency, and reduced resource consumption.
Having said that, this is not a fast fix, Sven.
In the case of contracts in the project business, a provision for onerous contracts is recognized if the total contract costs exceed the contract revenue.
Protecting the environment is one of the key concerns of the KION Group.
At the end of the performance period, the number of the phantom shares is amended depending on the degree to which the relevant targets are achieved.
The segment secured attractive new projects and projects for the modernization and expansion of existing facilities, primarily in North America and western Europe.
Furthermore, binding targets are set for the share of women at the management levels of Linde Material Handling GmbH, STILL GmbH and Dematic GmbH.
> TABLE 021Net assetsAt the end of 2019, the total assets of KION GROUP AG had increased by approximately 1.4  per  cent year on year to €7,680.5 million.
The platform, which relies on highly sophisticated algorithms, can be used to help upgrade standard industrial robot arms into full-task robots that can tackle complex intralogistics challenges.
Business planning and financial planning are based on expected market performance, but also draw on other assumptions, such as those relating to changes in the cost of materials, labor costs, sale prices, and movements in exchange rates.
Numerous activities aimed at improving health, such as fit-ness programmes and advice on nutrition and healthcare, also have a positive effect on health and safety in the Group.
Its developers have responded to the growing demands placed on users on a daily basis.
Close exchange with customer on safety The KION Group attaches great importance to regular exchanges with its customers, especially on the subject of safety.
Our revenue and margin targets communicated at last year’s CMD for the group as well as for our business segments are valid.
KION GROUP AG is a publicly listed company and therefore ensures that its financial management takes into account the interests of shareholders and financing partners.
There were no countermotions, nominations, or requests for addi-tions to the agenda.
Order intake Order intake comprises all legally binding customer orders less any subsequent cancellations for the reporting period.
The report also reflects the requirements of German accounting standard (GAS) 17 and the German Commercial Code (HGB).
The credit facilities provided by various banks and an effective dunning process ensure that the KION Group has sufficient liquidity.
The goals are not only to optimize products and services in relation to the resources used, but also to ensure that the parts of the value chain live up to certain defined standards of human dignity, working conditions and environmental compatibility.
The share of seg-ment revenue generated by the service business stood at 25.1 per cent (2018: 26.2 per cent).
The separate financial statements, consolidated financial statements, combined management report, and non-financial report are discussed by the Audit Committee and then reviewed and approved by the Supervisory Board.
Secondly, activities are carried out under the KION strategy aimed at improving oper-ational excellence in logistics, technology & product development and production and at lowering material and quality costs, for example by reducing the complexity of the product range.
Reporting on cross-segment risks and groupwide risks is carried out by Controlling and the relevant departments at Group level.
Thanks to the boom in  e-commerce, the market for supply chain solutions is likely to grow to such an extent that it will overtake global forklift truck and warehouse technology business in just a few years’ time.
They are accompanied by an intensification of expansionary monetary policy by the central banks, the first signs of a rapprochement in the US-China trade dispute.
IzmirTurkey2351.00%51.00%124 Linde Magyarország Anyagmozgatási Kft.
Over the longer term, our expectation is in that strategic planning period easily 9% CAGR in warehouse automation and 4% or better in the Industrial Truck and Service markets.
The fair value of derivative financial instruments is determined using appropriate valuation methods on the basis of the observable market information at the reporting date.
And we did increase our pricing four times during the course of last year.
These and other risks and uncertainties are set forth in the 2022 group management report, which has been combined with the Company’s management report.
These and other measures enabled the KION Group to make sure that no clusters of cases were formed and chains of infection were controlled.
For critical materials, it has also increased its buffer of inventories.
And what we did, we adjusted our fleet.
In addition, changes in tax legislation or disputes with the tax authorities may lead to financial risks.
Also on January 1, 2024, Ching Pong Quek took on an additional role as the new CTO.
The unused portion of the RCF therefore stood at €1,364.7 million (December 31, 2022: €1,271.1 million).
These assets were considered to be unimpaired because these companies are expected to generate taxable income in future.
Overall assessment of the economic situation The KION Group grew rapidly in 2021, with order intake at record levels despite persistent difficulties in the economy as a whole.
The overwhelming majority of the existing pension entitlements are a combination of a defined benefit obligation and a defined contribution component.
Currency-adjusted changes Currency-adjusted changes shows the percentage change in a KPI (e.g.
Regarding the relative TSR target, there is no entitlement if KION shares underperform the MDAX.
The KION Group is not only integrating software into its solutions but also increasingly marketing software solutions as standalone products.
I look forward to talking with you about that as you have a chance to take a look at that and read through it and discuss that together.
Sequentially, order intake was down by 8% due to the usual seasonality at Industrial Trucks & Services.
Production sites are located in Germany, France, USA, China, Czech Republic and Poland.
Expected sectoral conditions In the KION Group’s view, the global material handling market should see strong growth in 2021 if economic conditions improve as expected.
You also said services business there should grow actual sort of headline numbers that like, from the guidance, you’re expecting about 5% revenue growth year-over-year.
All product categories recorded a year-on-year rise, with electric forklift trucks notching up the biggest increase by far.
Our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report do not cover the other information, and consequently we do not express an audit opinion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon.
[11] Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investments The share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investments amounted to a profit of €14.1 million in the reporting period (2021: profit of €13.1 million).
Around 74 percent of the workforce was offered health-related training in 2022 (2021: 68 percent).
As at December 31, 2020, no loans or advances had been extended to members of the Executive Board.
The consolidated financial statements and the combined group management report and management report of KION GROUP AG were prepared by the Executive Board on February 22, 2023.
If the KION Group provides a residual value guarantee, an amount equivalent to the residual value obligation is recognised under liabilities from financial services.
STILL has also launched the RX 60 electric forklift truck (3.5 to 5.0t load capacity).
The recognition and measurement of other provisions are based on an estimate of the probability of the future outflow of resources, supplemented by past experience and the circumstances known to the Group at the reporting date.
Where a conflict of interest is material and not merely temporary, the Supervisory Board member in question must resign.
Default risk is limited by diversifying business partners based on certain credit ratings.
Both reports were discussed in detail in the presence of the auditor at the Supervisory Board meeting on February 28, 2024, after the auditor had presented its report in person.
The adjusted EBIT margin stood at 9.7 per cent, which was slightly lower than the margin of 9.9 per cent for 2018.
Valeria Gargiulo and Marcus A. Wassenberg bring with them a great deal of experience and expertise in their relevant areas of responsibility as well as a proven track record of success.
The amount recognized is an average value or a value determined in accordance with the FIFO method (FIFO = first in, first out).
Supply Chain Solutions segment Business performance and level of orders  In the Supply Chain Solutions segment, the value of order intake decreased by 9.8 percent in the reporting year to €3,032.4 million (2022: €3,361.9 million).
The Supervisory Board considers four shareholders to currently be independent of the anchor investor Weichai: Mr. Ring, Dr. Reuter, Ms. Behrendt, and Dr. Dibelius.
Mr. Tan Xuguang participated in one of these seven meetings and sent his apologies for his absence from the other meetings.
KION SCS, featuring the Dematic brand, is the global supply chain solutions business.
The regional industrial truck brand Fenwick is one of the leading suppliers of material handling products in France, while OM is among the leading vendors in the Indian market.
Overall, liabili-ties from financial services and lease liabilities together totalling €2,495.0 million were attributable to financing of the direct and indirect long-term lease business (2018: €1,906.0 million).
This beacon project investigated secure and real-time communication in industrial applications, using the key technolo-gies of 5G and cloud computing.
The two areas go hand in hand in terms of their practical implementation, as the respective measures and objectives are largely the same.
Accordingly, the actual outflow of resources for a given event may be different from the amount of the provision recognized.
Despite the regionalization of some supply chains as a result of the coronavirus pandemic, the globalization of many sectors continues to be one of the main overarching growth drivers.
Its processes are intended to ensure the correctness of the internal and external financial reporting, the efficiency of the Company’s business operations, and compliance with key legal provisions and internal policies.
In addition to efficient development processes, the KION Group also works with an effective innovation ecosystem.
Contractual provisions and comprehensive project management are important elements of reorganization projects because they help to minimize this risk.
And I think that’d be an appropriate element to consider together as well.
Taking account of the remaining term of two years (2023 tranche) and one year (2022 tranche), the historic volatility of KION shares was used to determine the volatility on which the valuation is based.
48KION GROUP AGAnnual Report 2019COMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTFundamentals of the KION GroupThe worldwide vehicle fleet, which consisted of around 1.5 million industrial trucks at the end of 2019, provides a broad base for the service business.
Furthermore, employees were reminded that all of the Group’s stakeholders have privacy rights that must be upheld.
The measurement parameters used to value the phantom shares on the reporting date are shown in the > table ‘Significant measurement parameters of the KION Performance Share Plans’.
Felicitas von Bismarck Yes, thank you very much.
Page 26   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call Transcription Martin Wilkie Yes, thanks, good afternoon.
This followed on from the early repayment on October 30, 2020 of variable-rate tranches of the promissory note maturing in May 2022, which has a nominal amount of €653.5 million.
Finally, I would like to remind you that we will publish our final financial results for 2019 and our outlook for 2020 on March 3rd, 2020.
Both reports were discussed in detail in the presence of the auditors at the Supervisory Board meeting on March 2, 2022 after the auditors had presented their report in person.
Overall, the adjusted EBIT margin improved 73KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTReport on the economic positionAnnual Report 2019substantially from 8.8 per cent to 9.6 per cent.
Ltd. subsidiary manufac-tures and sells electric and IC forklift trucks and warehouse trucks.
the duration of the project, in line with the percentage of completion.
The virtual formats and online events continued as well.
There are monthly reports on the opportunity situation as part of the regular Group reporting process.
The revised strategy was adopted at the end of 2020 by the Group Executive Committee (GEC), which included the Presidents of the operating units as well as the members of the Executive Board.
As well as reporting on the financial key performance indicators defined under IFRS, the KION Group also uses alternative performance measures (APMs).
There was also income from the reversal of excess provisions that had been recognized for the capacity program; taking account of the ongoing program costs, the positive non-recurring items amounted to income of €8.2 million.
The equity-accounted carrying amount of the investment in Hans Joachim Jetschke Industriefahrzeuge (GmbH & Co.) KG immediately prior to the acquisition date came to €1.2 million.
All these factors could have a negative impact on customers’ willingness to invest and thus on demand for the KION Group’s products.
Fitch Ratings had already confirmed the short-term issuer default rating of F2 in September of the reporting year.
The objective is to improve the prospects and representation of these often under-represented groups.
So there is some global economic and macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty out there, and the interest rates are certainly higher, and people are taking longer time to make decisions and to start new projects going.
I particularly like the numbers on the world level.
In all material respects, this combined management report is con-sistent with the consolidated financial statements, complies with German legal requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development.
Counterbalance trucks in the fast-growing value segment are to be manufactured here.
The amount of the pension depends on employees’ length of service and final salary.
Depending on requirements and the market situation, the KION Group will also avail itself of the funding facilities offered by the public capital markets in future.
B. Performance-related remuneration1) One-year variable remuneration (short-term incentive)The one-year variable remuneration is a remuneration compo-nent linked to the profitability and productivity of the KION Group in the relevant financial year.
Supervisory BoardThe Supervisory Board, which was formed in accordance with the German Codetermination Act (MitbestG), comprises 16 people.
[52] Information on preparation and approval The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG prepared the consolidated financial statements on  February 22, 2022 and approved them for forwarding to the Supervisory Board.
The relevance of the action fields for the individual operating units is determined by their specific materiality analyses.
Unionised employees receive pension entitlements on the basis of fixed amounts for each month of service.
We’ll come back to you after we’ve reached that milestone and talk about increasing it.
Net realizable value is the selling price that can be realized less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated necessary selling costs.
Monthly checklists have been drawn up for the consoli-dation process and are worked through in a standardised manner.
We’re working hard to deliver those, and we’ll be talking to you and updating you on our progress as we go through the course of this year.
In doing so, it follows a well-balanced risk strategy that is conditional upon it always being able to secure external funding.
And I’m sorry for trying to make three questions.
The remuneration of the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG is determined in accordance with the requirements of the German Stock Corporation Act and the DCGK and is focused on the Company’s long-term growth.
In November, Linde launched the second generation of the Linde R-MATIC reach truck.
It sets out guidance on correct conduct with each other as well as with customers, business partners, and the public.
Key components in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment include internal combustion engines, tires, and high-performance forged and electronic parts.
The latter was also the result of a reduction in variable remuneration on the basis of expected target achievement for 2020.
Contract liabilities Contract liabilities increased to €854.8 million (December 31, 2020: €550.8 million), mainly as a result of prepayments from customers in connection with the long-term project business in the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
There were also regular discussions between the chairman of the Audit Committee and those responsible for internal audit and corporate compliance in the Company.
As the shares in the Company are bearer shares, the Company only learns about changes to the size of shareholdings if these changes are subject to report pursuant to the WpHG or other regulations.
Two indicators were established for the ITS segment that provide information on particularly high-value safety features that can be selected by the customer at product level (Table 8).
This feature was integrated into the Dematic Multi Shuttle 2 E in 2020 as well as in the stationary sector.
In adopting this principle, the KION Group pursues ambitious targets.
Moreover, significant disruptions to supply chains over the course of the year took their toll on manufacturing.
In some cases, the KION Group retains insignificant rights and obligations in connection with fully derecognized financial assets, primarily the provision of  limited reserves for defaults.
This is especially important given that Weichai Power Co., Ltd., Weifang, People’s Republic of China, indirectly holds a stake of 45.2 percent in KION GROUP AG.
The modified closing-rate method is used for currency translation.
In addition, the minutes of the committee meetings are distributed to the other members of the Supervisory Board for information purposes once the committee mem-bers have approved them.
The Group companies also collaborate closely on areas such as talent management and training & development programs.
Revenue for the project business-related customer contracts is recognised in line with the corresponding period unless there is an alternative possibility of use and right to payment of the services already rendered.
6a HGB came to €12.5 million (2021: €19.6 million).
Such a notification is always required as soon as the value of the purchase and/or sale transactions of the individual member exceeds the sum of €20 thousand within a calendar year.
And you've mentioned that there was different opinions on strategy.
Pallejá  Spain  EMEA  100.00%  46   81  Linde Material Handling Italia S.p.A.  Buguggiate  Italy  EMEA  100.00%  78   82  Linde Material Handling Parts Distribution CZ s.r.o.
For the first and second management levels below the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG, the Executive Board set the targets to be achieved by the end of 2021 at 10 percent and 30 percent respectively.
Regular communications via the KION intranet played an important role alongside the local measures in 2020.
The resolute and focused pursuit of our KION 2027 strategy has set the Company on the right course and will ensure that we remain very well positioned going forward.
Further objectives and initiatives are specified in and pursued through eight fields of action that address the Company’s contribution to a climate-neutral, circular economy, its product portfolio, and its employees.
The copper price was also down at year-end on the high average price of the prior year.
We are currently building a new plant here for the Supply Chain Solutions segment right next door to our existing plant for forklift trucks.
The measures had already begun to take effect by the fourth quarter of 2022.
Project business contracts with a net debit balance due to customers are reported under contract liabilities, as are advances received from customers.
Procurement markets Year-on-year price trends for the commodities used by the KION Group were mixed in 2020.
One prominent example is the announcement that the Company will be pursuing a growth strategy in the Chinese market involving the local development of a brand-new line of modular material handling equipment for the mid-price product segment.
In total, variable cash flows of €0.1 million (2018: €4.1 million) were hedged and designated as hedged items, all of which are cash flows expected in 2021 to 2024.
By pursuing an appropriate financial management strategy, the KION Group makes sufficient cash and cash equivalents available at all times to meet the Group compa-nies’ operational and strategic funding requirements.
Under this agenda item, the committee discusses general parameters, such as the planning horizon, the identification of required skills and qualifications, and the internal talent pool.
The Supervisory Board considers five of the eight shareholder representatives to currently be independent of the anchor investor Weichai: Hans Peter Ring, Birgit A. Behrendt, Dr. Alexander Dibelius, Dr. Nicolas Peter, and Dr. Christina Reuter.
The rise in other functional costs was mainly due to the increased volume of business and was stronger than the rate of revenue growth.
The bulk of the total revenue in this segment is generated by internal IT and logistics services.
Starting with the 2021 tranche, 20 percent of the performance share plan is now linked to ESG targets.
The 2017 Authorization has not been used so far.
The calculation draws on observable historical loss data, information on current conditions, and the economic outlook.
Rubber increased significantly in price in the second half of the year and its average for 2020 was above the corresponding figure for 2019.
537/2014; referred to subsequently as ‘EU Audit Regulation’) and in compli-ance with German Generally Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschafts-prüfer (IDW).
Gordon Riske Well, as you see recovery, you know we were hard hit last year in IC trucks and in general counterbalance trucks.
The consolidated financial statements include all of the parent company’s material subsidiaries.
Other operating expenses also includes foreign currency exchange rate losses resulting from the measurement of bank accounts and cash pools in foreign currencies.
The liabilities for financing this part of the short-term rental fleet are reported under liabilities from financial services.
Net realizable value is the selling price that can be realized less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated necessary selling costs.
The performance targets of the Group and the segments are based on selected financial indicators, as is the performance-related remuneration paid to managers.
The Executive Committee holds four regular meetings per year.
Page 10   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q3 2023 Update Call Transcription   Net working capital buildup in the quarter resulted from higher inventories relating to work in progress and lower trade payables.
Inside the vehicle, the warning is issued via the vehicle display, while an acoustic signal alerts the surroundings of the imminent danger.
Deferred taxes are recognized on the resulting temporary differences.
Contract assets, which mainly related to project business in the Supply Chain Solutions segment, increased to €172.1 million (December 31, 2019: €150.2 million).
Adjusted EBIT excluding intra-group divi-dend income amounted to minus €72.9  million (2018: minus €45.8 million).
The scope of the control activities to be carried out is dependent on the specific risks and the materiality of the respective subsidiary for the consolidated financial statements of KION GROUP AG.
The audit program continued in 2022 as a means of ensuring the ongoing systematic management of critical functions.
Christian Harm And then Gael, I take the second one on the financial expenses.
This means products always meet the highest safety standards – even if these are not explicitly required in the respective region.
Five bilateral bank loans with a total volume of €475.0 million were repaid in 2023, in some cases ahead of schedule.
Foreign-currency forwards with settlement dates in the same month as the expected cash flows from the Group’s operating activities are used as hedges.
Thanks for taking my question, and happy New Year, Ms. Growth.
The shareholders voted in favor of the motions, in each case by a large majority.
The items concerned are disclosed and explained separately in the notes.
Outside of the formal meetings, informal working sessions took place to prepare for upcoming resolutions and related complex issues, such as remuneration.
I would say that’s out 6 months.
A default is defined as the occurrence of a loss event, such as a borrower being in considerable finan-cial difficulties or a contract being breached.
Deferred tax assets are offset against deferred tax liabilities to the extent that they relate to the same taxation authority and there is an intention to settle them on a net basis.
Further information on goodwill can be found in note [16].
In cases where entitlements are not securities-linked, some of the KION Group’s pension obligations in Germany under closed plans are financed by way of CTAs.
No part of this Presentation, nor the fact of its distribution, should form the basis of, or be relied on by any person in connection with, any contract or commitment or investment decision whatsoever.
Renewable energy is calculated as sum of fuels from renewable sources (e.g.
We’ve not yet seen fully the impact yet, and we expect we’ll see that in the months to come.
As a result, STILL now has one of the most up-to-date and efficient counterbalance truck portfolios in the EMEA region.
The ineffective portion of the hedge is also recognized in net financial income/expenses.
Anke Groth It will be a great event, of course.
Assumptions The forecasts in this section are derived from the KION Group’s multi-year market, business, and financial planning, which is based on various assumptions.
This involves detailed evaluation of the risks when defining the technical solution.
Remember, we upgraded our targets some time ago, Q2.
In addition, the CDP Climate Change score could be improved to leadership level A-.
For critical materials, the KION Group has also increased its buffer of inventories.
Digitalization has led to greater demand for networked trucks, and, for example, for fleet management systems and for products that use big data to support predictive maintenance services (Hans Böckler Foundation, February 2022).
Risk management is organized in such a way that it directly reflects the structure of the Group itself.
Can you provide more details on how exactly they work in reality?
To our shareholders  Corporate governance statement  Combined management report  Consolidated financial statements  Notes to the  consolidated financial  statements  Additional information   KION GROUP AG 159 Annual report 2020  [3] Principles of consolidation Acquisitions are accounted for using the acquisition method.
Building on their local competitive strength, rivals in emerging markets are also seeking opportunities for expansion in regions outside their local markets, particularly in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment.
For this purpose, we compared the data entries with the underlying original contracts.
Our expectation is that the market does finish down the way we described and us to finish in line with the market.
The company will con-stantly strive to reduce its CO2 emissions.
As at the end of 2021, the companies of the KION Group together held a total of 2,804 patent applications and issued patents (December 31, 2020: 2,836).
Adjusted EBIT Adjusted EBIT for the reporting period is EBIT adjusted for Company-specific purchase price allocation effects and non-recurring items.
46KION GROUP AGAnnual Report 2019COMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTFundamentals of the KION GroupNon-financial declarationA separately published sustainability report provides detailed information on the sustainable management of the KION Group.
With regard to recommendation B.3 of the 2020 Code, the Supervisory Board will determine the duration of initial appointments of members of the Executive Board on a case-by-case basis and in the Company’s best interests.
And what is now the order of magnitude of the difference between the price rises in your orders this quarter and the pricing in your revenue?
Short-term rental business is generally classified as an operating lease.
The KION Group believes that customers’ desire for ever-faster delivery times coupled with the growing shortage of skilled workers has made companies more willing to invest in the automation and digitalization of their supply chains (Forbes, October 2023).
Leases are generally linked to a service contract covering the term of the finance agreement.
Further legal risk may arise as a result of the environmental restoration of decommissioned sites, for example because of work required due to contamination.
In May 2021, the KION Group notched up an ESG score of 47 as part of the broad rating from Vigeo Eiris.
Employee commitment The KION Group’s products and services destined for its customers are produced by committed employees.
This can give rise to risks regarding component availability.
As at December 31, 2023, the guaranteed amount totaled €80.1 million (December 31, 2022: €102.8 million).
The Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG consists of 16 members, eight of whom are employee representatives and eight are shareholder representatives.
It is also conceivable that competitors will join forces and their resulting stronger position will be detrimental to the KION Group’s sales opportunities.
LMH EMEA, for example, received a gold ranking from the rating agency Ecovadis.
Taking into account the average trade tax rate of 14.9 percent, the combined nominal tax rate for entities in Germany was 30.7 percent (2022: 30.7 percent).
The incidental acquisition costs incurred in connection with the business combination amounted to €2.7 million.
Price competition is compounded by some manufacturers having cost advantages, sometimes due to the currency situation and sometimes because local labor costs are lower.
Other financial liabilities Non-current and current other financial liabilities stood at €693.7 million as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: €652.0 million).
The percentage of completion is determined based on the proportion of the contract costs that have already been incurred to the total con-tract costs estimated as at the reporting date.
We confirm the targeted €80 million to €100 million cumulated cost savings by 2023.
Our expectation this year is, also, we have a view that it’s going to be lower this year than last year.
In addition, the other information comprises the separate consolidated non-financial report, which is expected to be published subsequently on KION GROUP AG’s website by 30 April 2021.
However, KION GROUP AG has the right to satisfy each pro-gramme participant’s entitlement by paying a cash settlement instead of granting a bonus share.
Let’s move together to Page 6, and I’ll talk you through the industrial truck market and order intake.
Furthermore, financial income was reduced by changes in the fair value of interest-rate derivatives that are used to hedge the lease portfolio and are designated as part of a fair value hedge or are accounted for separately.
EmployeesHR strategyThe ultimate objective of the KION Group’s HR strategy is to provide the best possible support for the targeted implementa-tion of the KION 2027 strategy.
The determination of the criteria and parameters in these applications are subject to the executive directors’ judgement.
Driverless industrial trucks will also offer huge potential in the future.
Ultimately, however, the Supervisory Board is guided exclusively by the skills and qualifi­cations of the persons concerned when making appointments to the Executive Board.
So, we expect there will be some slowing in the second half.
If KION shares outperform the MDAX by 6.67 per cent and the ROCE targets defined each year on the basis of the budget are achieved, total target achievement will be 100 per cent.
As at 31 December 2019, the fair value of one phantom share was €40.99 for the 2018 tranche (2018: €24.25) and €50.27 for the 2019 tranche.
The reconciliation of funded status and net defined benefit obligation to the amounts reported in the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December is shown in > TABLE 081.
The KION Group mitigates this risk though a wide range of product variants made possible by modular concepts, along with good availability of services, mainly in the volume and premium segments.
The segment’s new truck business benefited from exceptionally strong customer demand that was underpinned by pent-up demand following the pandemic-related restrictions in 2020 and by orders brought forward.
As new business grew by 11.2%, service revenues increased by 5.2% in 2019.
Furthermore, as part of the iPEP product evolution process, all new development projects in the ITS segment are reviewed for potential improvements, taking into account experience from previous projects.
The age structure of financial liabilities is reviewed and optimized continually.
The KION Group remains committed to introducing new programs targeted at specific groups and to offering its employees interesting career opportunities and flexible, family-friendly working-time models.
Jorge González Sadornil Thank you very much, Rob.
Manual and automated solutions are provided for all functions along customers’ supply chains, from goods inward and Multishuttle warehouse systems through to order picking.
Organization and management The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG is responsible for the strategic and operational manage-ment of the KION Group.
Where there is a range of possible outcomes and each individual point within the range has an equal probability of occurring, the provision is recognized in the amount of the mean of the individual points.
New AMRs designed for use in warehouses and factories were added to the portfolio of automation solutions last year.
The cost of finished goods and work in progress includes direct costs and an appro-priate portion of the material and production overheads and production-related depreciation directly attributable to the pro-duction process.
At €2,009.0 million, the KION Group’s net working capital as at the end of 2023 was comparable to the level a year earlier (December 31, 2022: €2,050.2 million).
In May 2021, Standard & Poor’s initially confirmed its issuer rating of BB+ and raised the outlook from stable to positive.
Transcripts from the conference calls for the 2022 annual results and 2023 quarterly results, along with the associated presentations, form part of the extensive information for analysts and investors that is available on the Company’s website.
Overall assessment of the economic situation The Executive Board of the KION Group can look back on a very encouraging 2023.
Those are one element of the many inflationary levers that are out in the environment right now.
A prime example is the latest innovation from our automation specialist Dematic.
The auditor that had been engaged to audit the consolidated financial statements in 2022 was Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft.
That would be the single biggest one that affects us.
The hedge ratio, which is derived from the volume of hedged items and the hedging instruments used, is 1:1.
The total remuneration paid to former members of the Exec-utive Board in 2019 amounted to €0.3 million (2018: €0.3 million).
Serious accidents are reported within one working day (Serious Incident Report, SIR) and a detailed report is drawn up.
So, the real strong drivers for automation are very much intact, and we expect that -- and the pipeline, as I described, is a good robust pipeline.
This still presents a barrier to growth for some of these manufacturers, but the bar is getting lower.
These highlighted our joint offering from SCS and ITS and how we give customers a full range of intralogistics solutions.
After taking into account non-recurring items and purchase price allocation effects, EBIT came to €176.0 million (2019: €129.6 million).
Initially limited to Germany, the program was then rolled out to more countries.
As a global leader in intralogistics, we’ll benefit from the structural growth in our attractive end markets.
AssumptionsThe forecasts in this section are derived from the KION Group’s multiple-year market, business and financial planning, which is based on various assumptions.
In 2022, like in the previous year, one in six forklift trucks sold in the company’s ITS segment was an item of used equipment.
The new credit facility, which is also intended to improve funding conditions, has a term of five years that can be extended by up to two years with the consent of the syndicate of banks.
However, we made sure that all contract types were subject to our examination.
Moreover, the risk of a change in the fair value of a fixed-rate tranche of the promissory note that was issued in 2018 is hedged using an interest-rate swap, thereby creating a EURIBOR-based variable-rate obligation.
36KION GROUP AGAnnual Report 2019CORPORATE GOVERNANCECorporate governance reportThe rules of procedure laid down by the Supervisory Board define the areas of responsibility of the Executive Board members and the way in which they work together.
As a rule, the external financing of the Group’s activities is handled by KION GROUP AG.
To achieve its very ambitious goals, the Company needs an experienced and successful officer in the region who is familiar with its day-to-day business and its strengths and weaknesses and who is able to imple-ment the strategic path that has been laid out.
The fair value of other financial investments was determined using prices quoted in an active market and other observable inputs.
Otherwise, the executive directors are responsible for the other information.
In the APAC region, the second quarter was down 9%, impacted by the corona pandemic.
Default riskIn certain operating and finance activities, the KION Group is sub-ject to credit risk, i.e.
The industrial truck recognized as a leased asset is carried at cost, while the lease receivable is recognized at an amount equal to the net investment in the lease.
Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
As part of the capital increase in May 2017, 9.3 million new shares were issued on the basis of the 2017 Authorised Capital.
For 2024, in terms of gross risk value, competition risks continue to be regarded as having a low level of risk and a medium probability of occurrence.
In the direct lease business, industrial trucks with a carrying amount of €1,022.
Another key milestone in  product development was the migration of the fleet management solutions of Linde and STILL and of Dematic’s InSight asset performance management (APM) platform to the Company’s own cloud.
In the prior year, this item included a sum of €2.3 million for contingent liabilities assumed jointly with another shareholder of a joint venture.
Targets achieved despite difficult conditionsThe KION Group proved to be a reliable performer yet again in 2019.
Under UK law, the board of trustees is obliged to have a  valuation of the plan carried out at least every three years.
At KION Group, we believe this is primarily because of the fundamental growth drivers that still remain in place, particularly the fragmentation of value chains and consumers' increasing preference for ecommerce.
Other property, plant and equipment also included right-of-use assets related to procurement leases, which rose to €589.2 million as at the end of 2023 (December 31, 2022: €543.5 million).
In the new truck business, the decline in the number of units sold was partly offset by price increases.
The first bond was placed on the capital markets under this program in 2020 and had a nominal amount of €500.0 million, a maturity date in 2025, and a coupon of 1.625 percent.
The cost of sales, conversely, fell by 4.0 percent year on year to €8,652.5 million, as the figure for 2022 had been affected by sharp increases in costs for materials, energy, and logistics.
At the customer’s request, fuel cells can also be integrated into LMH EMEA and STILL EMEA’s industrial trucks.
Both the long-term variable re-muneration and the short-term variable remuneration of the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG and the KION Group management are linked to non-financial targets from core areas of the sustain-ability strategy.
In future, the Executive Board will assume the responsibilities of the GEC.
These can be accessed in English from the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the company (www.weichaipower.com).
For this reason, when defining the lease term, the KION Group takes into consideration all facts and circumstances that offer an economic incentive to exercise extension options or to not exercise termination options.
Pursuant to IFRS, these assets are not amortized and their measurement depends, above all, on expectations about the future financial performance of the KION Group.
Where a contract includes multiple distinct goods or services, the transaction price is allocated to the performance obligations on the basis of the relative selling prices.
No concerns were raised as a result of the Supervisory Board’s review of the report.
Current interest payments decreased from €42.9 million in 2018 to €36.7 million in 2019 due to a year-on-year fall in average net debt.
That is why all KION companies aim to ensure a high level of employee commit-ment.
Hedge accounting Derivative financial instruments that are part of a formally documented hedge with a hedged item are not assigned to any of the IFRS 9 measurement categories and are therefore recognized in accordance with the hedge accounting rules described below.
That is why all KION companies aim to ensure a high level of employee commitment.
To further promote equality of opportunity for women, the KION Group has been a member of the initiative “Chefsache.
If there are certain indications of impairment of the property, plant and equipment, the assets are tested for impairment by comparing the residual carrying amount of the assets with their recoverable amount.
It is expected that the bulk of the cash payments for the other obligations will be incurred within the next two years after the reporting date.
Pension expenses essentially comprised the pension entitle-ments of €52.9 million vested in 2020 (2019: €41.5 million).
Like do you need to have down payment before you book, or that can come after you booking the order?
The recognition and measurement of other provisions are based on an estimate of the probability of the future outflow of resources, supplemented by past experience and the circumstances known to the Group at the reporting date.
with a combination of video conferencing and attendance in person.
Depreciation of property, plant, and equipment is recognized on a straight-line basis and reported under functional costs.
Any goodwill arising from the acquisition of an associate or joint venture is included in the carrying amount of the investment in the associate or joint venture.
And those leasing contracts are also -- when a new truck goes out on a leasing contract, it comes with a service contract.
Both are experienced executives with a proven track record in their areas of responsibility and a compelling vision for the future of our Company.
Contact information for reporting can be found in the compliance department’s section on the KION Group’s website.
The accounting guidelines primarily explain the financial reporting principles specific to the KION Group’s business.
So does that mean you wouldn’t commit to that typical seasonality at this time, at this stage at least?
In combination with the Group-wide HSE risk assessment, this will provide a comprehensive picture of the HSE risks and the relevant risk management measures in place at the sites.
> TABLE 036In 2019, no company in the KION Group paid or granted any remuneration or other benefits to members of the Supervisory Board for services provided as individuals, such as consulting or brokerage activities.
either directly or by way of intermediate benefit arrangements.
The KION Group also bears the full risk of possible future pension adjustments resulting from changes in longevity and inflation.
Losses are possible because a successful cyberattack can result not only in financial losses and liability risk but also reputational damage.
After Dr John Feldmann stepped down as a shareholder representative on the Supervisory Board and thus as its chairman, the Supervisory Board elected me as its new chair-man during its constitutive meeting on 9 May 2019.
The first bond under this program, which had a total volume of €500.0 million and a term of five years, was placed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in September 2020.
The eight employee representatives are elected by the employees in accordance with the German Codetermination Act.
The capital increase was entered in the commercial reg-ister on December 7, 2020.
The target range for adjusted EBIT is €770.0 mil-lion to €850.0 million.
This can be explained by the proportionately smaller decrease in capital employed at the end of 2020 than the decrease in earnings.
Since 2021, the KION Group has been using amortizing interest-rate swaps to hedge the fair value of certain lease receivables at portfolio level in accordance with IAS 39.
The vast majority of the Group companies participate in KION GROUP AG’s groupwide cash pool.
Some are Company-specific adjustments of certain financial KPIs, for example the adjustment of financial KPIs for non-recurring items.
Further capital expenditure projects were launched in connection with the targets defined in the KION 2027 strategy.
The 2020 Authorized Capital became effective when the corresponding change to the articles of association was entered in the commercial register at the Frankfurt am Main local court (HRB 112163) on August 5, 2020.
Pursuant to section 315e (1) HGB, the consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
Contract assets mainly related to project busi-ness in the Supply Chain Solutions segment and, at €150.2 mil-lion, were also higher than at the end of the previous year (2018: €119.3 million).
During Supply Chain Day, the KION Group teamed up with the German Logistics Association (BVL) and its brand companies Linde Material Handling, STILL, and Dematic to provide virtual insights into warehouse logistics processes.
How big can that be for the IT&S division?
The order book was still well filled, however.
[26] Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents break down as follows:      The change in cash and cash equivalents is shown in the > table ‘Consolidated statement of cash flows’.
The previous credit facility, whose term was due to end in February 2023 and which had a volume of €1,150.0 million, was terminated at the same time.
Group Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the ESEF Documents Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ESEF documents are free from material intentional or unintentional non-compliance with the requirements of Section 328 (1) HGB.
This is due in large part to the growth in the volume of new truck business and the rise in the contribution from the service business compared to the past.
Non-financial risks that arise on an ongoing basis are screened, evaluated, and managed.
In addition, KION continued to focus on developing and enhancing energy-efficient solutions in the reporting year.
2.2 Accounting-related internal control systemFor its accounting process, the KION Group has defined suitable structures and processes as part of its internal control and risk management system and implemented them throughout the Group.
We are on the right track, as can be seen from the high level of order intake in our Supply Chain Solutions segment, for example.
In the event of temporary incapacity for a further six months, the Executive Board member will receive 80 per cent of his fixed salary, but only up to a point at which the service contract is terminated.
Let’s get started with the Q&A.
As part of the digitalisation of internal processes, the fleet management solutions from STILL (neXXt fleet) and Linde (con-nect:desk) and Dematic’s iQ InSights asset performance man-agement platform were migrated to the corporate cloud.
Goodwill and brand names with an indefinite useful life represented 27.6 percent of total assets as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: 28.3 percent).
Net financial income fell by €14.7 million to €337.5 million in 2022 (2021: €352.2 million).
In 2021, Dematic enhanced its end-to-end warehouse automation solutions and implemented them for its customers, which included an international retail chain.
In addition, the KION Group uses amortizing payer interest-rate swaps in the same currency to hedge the risk of a change in the fair value of certain lease receivables.
Personnel changes on the Supervisory BoardOn 9 May 2019, there was a change at the helm of the Supervisory Board.
The cost of internally generated machinery and equipment includes all costs directly attributable to the production process and an appropriate portion of production overheads.
Reduction of greenhouse gas emissions in products and solutions The KION Group products and solutions are an essential part of its customers’ value chain and directly impact their sustainability ambitions.
The position of Chief Financial Officer / Labor Relations Director was vacant until the end of the reporting period; the Company's Chief Executive Officer carried out the relevant duties on an interim basis.
The amounts previously recognised in the hedge reserve are subsequently reclassified to the income statement when the gain or loss on the corresponding hedged item is rec-ognised.
And then the internal combustion and the E-trucks are both counterbalanced.
Overall, the reduction in post-employment benefit costs and other benefits was mainly due to the change in the pension benefit conditions in Germany, which resulted in unrecognized past service income of €32.7 million.
 KION GROUP AG  Q1 2022 Update Call  Conference Call Transcript  28.04.2022  15:00 CET   Speakers:  Rob Smith (CEO)    Disclaimer: This document has been prepared by KION GROUP AG (the “Company”) solely for informational purposes.
AktG must not exceed 10 percent of the share capital at any time.
Order intake was up 10% year-on-year to €2.9 billion and contracted sequentially from a record high in the fourth quarter of ‘21.
In 2021, one of the six Executive Board members was female (Ms. Anke Groth).
All STILL trucks and equipment are supported by digital control, safety and assistance systems.
The rise in segment rev-enue was driven both by the project business (business solutions) and by the service business, which reported revenue growth of 17.6 per cent and 10.7 per cent respectively.
As well as direct costs, these also include relevant overheads.
In addition, Group companies had drawn down bank loans of €129.7 million (December 31, 2021: €104.0 million).
In particular, KION Group Code of Compli-ance serves as a Group-wide guideline in that respect.
The fair value on the grant date was determined on the basis of Monte Carlo simulation.
The amounts that had been recognized as an expense were €2.2 million for the audit of the financial statements, €0.4 million for other attestation services, €0.0 million for tax consultancy services, and €0.0 million for other services.
But they are also having a part of the overall decrease in margin.
Equally, the inclusion of sustainability principles in the Group-wide KION Group Code of Compliance means they shape the actions of every individual in the company.
Last year, KION subsidiary Linde Material Handling GmbH unveiled its new generation of electric forklift truck models (Linde X20–X35) with a load capacity of 2.5 to 3 tonnes, whose power output is comparable with trucks driven by internal combustion engines.
Some are Company-specific adjustments of certain financial KPIs, for example the adjustment of financial KPIs for non-recurring items.
The amount of the net obligation is also particularly affected by the discount rates, and the low level of interest rates – especially in the eurozone – is resulting in a comparatively large net obligation.
The results provide insight into the sustainability performance of the KION Group's suppliers worldwide, with the aim of providing a central information system for all sites.
Rob Smith Will, I’d refer you to a very appropriate article that was in Handelsblatt day before yesterday that talked about repricing measures in this unprecedented environment.
Please bear in mind today is the 17th of January.
In the reporting year, 41,061 participants received a total of over 33,000 online and face-to-face training hours on compliance, primarily on anti-corruption, handling of conflicts of interest and compliance for management.
The path to climate neutrality and circular economy criteria therefore play an increas-ing role in supplier selection and procurement decisions.
The Supervisory Board was always fully involved in major decisions affecting the Company from an early stage.
And over time, we do expect these things all to come back.
These measurements are based, for example, on estimates of future cash flows, expected growth rates, exchange rates, discount rates, and useful lives.
STILL also won an IFOY award (International Intralogistics and Forklift Truck of the Year) in the integrated warehouse solution category in 2021.
Shaping the future of supply chains globally KION Group continues to develop its leading position in the intralogistics industry.
The fair value of interest-rate swaps was calculated as the present value of the future cash flows.
As a rule, the external financing of the Group’s activities is handled by KION GROUP AG.
Page 17   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2022 Update Call Transcription Last year did finish in line with our expectations.
The report thus covers all consolidated companies based in 37 countries and with around 400 locations.
Page 38   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q2 2022 Update Call Transcription   So thanks for your time.
In the medium term, new barriers to trade could significantly hamper sales channels and lead to renewed disruption to global supply chains that would have a knock-on effect on production.
So let’s see how it develops, and we’ll be giving you some good views on next year on the end of February.
The Supply Chain Solutions segment is also driving the scalability of products and solutions by refining its subsystems and standard modules.
So I was wondering if you had concerns over site access to be able to access projects, just to understand what would drive your lower end of the range if it were to happen.
The gross risk level of the risks arising from the customer project business was raised from medium to high.
Even the mere appearance of such a conflict of interest must be avoided.
Third party industry publications, studies and surveys generally state that the data contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but that there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of such data.
In North America, in the Q4 2019, we had minus 0.4%, nearly reached prior-year level.
The following tables show the assignment of fair values to the individual levels as defined by IFRS 13 for financial instruments measured at fair value.
Page 7   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q3 2021 Update Call Transcription  However, as you know, higher raw material expenses and tight supply chains and, with that, inefficiencies in production remained a challenge in Q3.
Rob Smith Well, Sven, our products and solutions make a fundamental contribution to our customers’ ability to compete successfully and are right in the middle of the heart of their operations.
To help increase the proportion of management positions occupied by women, the Executive Board has set targets that are published in the corporate governance statement.
An external consultancy assists the Executive Committee with long-term succession planning where required.
These determinations were last reviewed and adjusted in February 2022.
In addition, we examined the accuracy of the Company's previous forecasts by comparing the cost estimates for contracts already completed with the costs actually incurred for these contracts and analysed deviations.
There is a dedicated supply chain sustainability team within central purchasing department that or-ganizes the sustainability strategy holistically and the work plan across the categories.
At the meetings, the board members discuss measures and business that, under the Executive Board’s rules of procedure, must be approved by the full Executive Board.
And higher discount rates had a positive impact on our pension liabilities, which further reduced to €767 million at the end of the second quarter.
And we’re working this in a very agile approach, recognizing, though, that with €3.2 billion of backlog, trucks that we’re taking orders for now will be produced in the next 6 to 14 months.
In addition, the consideration received that exceeds the amount that is expected to be paid when the industrial truck is returned is initially treated as deferred income and the revenue is subsequently recognized in installments over the term of the lease.
I would expect that our EBIT in absolute terms is slightly affected as well as the margin.
This approach also minimises the environmental impact of goods in transit.
We have 10 part numbers where we don't have full confirmation, but we have all mitigation efforts.
In addition to a clearly defined compe-tency model and leadership principles, the process is based on the shared KION Group values of Integrity, Collaboration, Courage and Excellence.
Less favorable interest terms may be imposed if the level of leverage is increased significantly.
The report contains information on all legal transactions and activities conducted in the reporting year between KION GROUP AG and Weichai Power Co., Ltd., as well as their subsidiaries, and on any requirement to compensate for disadvantages that have arisen.
However, inventories of materials and supplies – particularly steel and electronics – were increased in order to counter procurement risks.
Between meetings of the Supervisory Board and between those of its committees, the chairmen of the Supervisory Board and Audit Committee remained in close contact at all times with the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.
Is it related to kind of equipment, and so service demand is related to the equipment side?
Rob Smith Can you hear me now, Martin?
And based on its revenue in 2021, it is the world’s second-largest supplier.
As differences due to remeasurements are taken to other comprehensive income, any change in these assumptions would not affect the net profit for the current period.
Section 179 (1) sentence 1 AktG requires that amendments to the articles of association be passed by resolution of the Annual General Meeting.
In organisational terms, the compliance department reports to the Chief Financial Officer and is headed up by the Chief Compliance Officer.
An comprehensive service offering represents a competitive advantage, not only in the premium segment but also in the volume and economy segments.
Product types in the load capacity range of 2–2.5 tonnes, which constitute the bulk of the volume segment, were launched onto the market in 2022.
Subsequently, the carrying amount of the equity investment is adjusted in line with any changes to the KION Group’s interest in the net assets of the investee.
These equity investments, which have been assigned to the FVOCI category under IFRS 9 owing to the strategic partnerships with the companies, are recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income without recycling to profit or loss upon disposal.
Moreover, material risks are discussed with the Operating Units at the business review meetings.
These result mainly from fluctuations in exchange rates in connection with future cash flows, both revenue and costs, that are denominated in foreign currencies.
On this basis, the total remuneration of the members of the Executive Board pursuant to section 314 (1) no.
And so with that uncertainty, we shall come back with guidance for the rest of the year later on in the year as that uncertainty alleviates over time and we have a good strong view of where we’re going to land.
The loans mature in 2023, 2024, and 2026.
The capital increase was also a strong sign of the support that our Company has from its shareholders, particularly our anchor investor Weichai Power.
1)  Essential features of the Executive Board remuneration system The Supervisory Board based the level of remuneration for the members of our Executive Board on benchmark analyses of executive board pay in the MDAX.
The Executive Board and Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG have a close and trusting working relationship focused on ensuring the sustained success of the Company.
Just following on, on the investments comment, perhaps you can just help us quantify how 2020 investment at the group level is going to differ to 2019 so we can just understand the expected ramp up there.
That is something that we see as well, and that’s one of the main drivers.
The actual amount of taxable income in future periods – and hence the actual utilization of tax loss carryforwards and interest carryforwards – may be different from the estimates made when the corresponding deferred tax assets were recognized.
Its chairman is always the chairman of the Supervisory Board.
There are also individual orders for repairs and maintenance work as well as for spare parts.
Of this amount, €3.7 million related to the 2017 tranche (2018: €2.4  million), €4.4  million to the 2018 tranche (2018: €1.4 million) and €4.4 million to the 2019 tranche.
Inputs to the system are managed and assessed by the compliance organi-zation and ultimately the Compliance Committee, which includes the chief compliance officer, HR, Audit and Legal.
At the end of the performance period, the preliminary number of performance shares is adjusted depending on achievement of the two targets (relative TSR and ROCE) to give the final number of performance shares.
Its term ends in October 2026 and can be extended by up to two years with the consent of the syndicate of banks.
For purposes of the valuation allowance, average loss rates on a collective basis are used to determine the expected lifetime losses.
Stakeholder dialogue                                 102-13, 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44The KION Group and its operating units are in regular dialogue with a wide range of stakeholder groups, either directly, via surveys or at events (Table 4).
You are all invited to attend our Virtual Analyst and Investor Event, which will take place on November 3rd, 2021, at 2:30 p.m. CET.
It is available on kiongroup.com under Investor Relations in the Publications section.
In addition, six resolutions were adopted in writing.
We’re working hard together, and it’s going well.
If events or changes in circumstances make it necessary to reclassify financial instruments to a different level, this is done at the end of a reporting period.
With these important leadership successions, KION is well-positioned to drive our profitable growth strategy going forward.
Recruitment is becoming increasingly challenging, especially given the high growth rates in the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
Including these effects, EBIT grew by 5.8 per cent to €661.7 million (2018: €625.2 million).
And you’ve been talking to hesitance, customers making investment decisions for some time now.
These treasury shares are not dividend-bearing and do not confer any voting rights.
And on Page 6, I talk you through the financial update for KION as a whole.
Around 100.4 million of the approximately 118.1 million voting shares were represented, equating to around 85 percent of the share capital.
LainateItaly24100.00%100.00%166 WHO Real Estate UABVilniusLithuania2774.00%74.00%167 Linde Material Handling (Malaysia) Sdn.
It is also included in sustainability indices, namely the FTSE4Good Index Series, STOXX Europe Sustainability, and DAX 50 ESG.
The KION Group therefore seeks to implement proactive risk management by rigorously pursuing its corporate strategy and to maintain an investment- grade credit rating in the capital and funding markets by ensuring a solid funding structure.
In 2022, total income of €22.1 million for twelve months was recognized for share-based remuneration (2021: total expense of €40.5 million).
As contractually agreed, this calculation is currently suspended in respect of the revolving credit facility entered into in 2021 because KION GROUP AG has two investment-grade credit ratings.
The fixed annual salary is paid at the end of each month in twelve equal installments, the last payment being made for the full month in which the Executive Board service contract ends.
Actual business performance may deviate from the KION Group’s forecasts due, among other factors, to the opportunities and risks described here.
And we’ll continue to come back and report to you how it’s going.
7 Service cost in accordance with IFRS (the service cost in accordance with the HGB is shown in table 035).
The ineffective portion of the changes in fair value is recognized immediately in the income statement.
This helps to systematically identify and support staff across the Group who have potential, who are high performers, or who are experts in key functions.
Secondly, access to highly skilled workers helps to lay the foundations for future profitable growth.
DAI has significantly expanded KION subsidiary Dematic’s portfolio of digital offerings that support the transportation, storage, and distribution of goods.
The ongoing expansion of the Supply Chain Solutions market and a stabilization of the global market for industrial trucks are primed to be engines of growth.
On October 7, 2022, the KION share price therefore slumped to a low for the year of €18.66 over the course of the day.
Various local networks have also been established in which women can forge contacts and share information.
Our responsibilities under those requirements and principles are further described in the “Auditor’s Re-sponsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and of the Combined Manage-ment Report” section of our auditor’s report.
And your expectation is, you would use the production slot to start the machine if you feel like you can finish it in a reasonable period of time and deliver that.
All of the current Supervisory Board members meet these requirements.
With revenues just over €2 billion, we reached a new quarterly record level.
With the exception of income and expenses recognized as other comprehensive income, equity is translated at historical rates.
And on the truck side, the acquisition cost of a new truck is only 13% of the overall total cost of ownership.
What I’d also point out to you, Sebastian, is e-commerce, yes, there’s a pure-play vertical, but e-commerce has a very important part of just about every other industrial vertical out there right now as well.
b) In the scope of our audit, we deepened our knowledge of the processes concerning the project business including our understanding of the corresponding internal controls of the Group.
In July 2023, the KION Group committed to achieving the "Net Zero" pledge of the Science-Based Targets Initiative (SBTi).
You asked about pricing, and what’s the pricing -- what’s the market demand reflection after having indeed put pricing up twice this year.
At €850.5 mil-lion, adjusted EBIT was in the top half of the target range (€805  million to €875  million).
It’s what I said as our order pipeline or our project pipeline is very robust, and it’s better than it was end of last year.
As I said, that was 80 critical parts that have now worked down to 10 critical parts.
This also allows sustainability requirements for products to be taken into account much more effec-tively.
Some of the products in the multi-brand portfolio are built on a modular platform for diesel and electric forklift trucks to ensure a high standard of quality at competitive costs.
It has an oversight function and advises the Executive Board on its handling of significant matters and business transactions.
The KION compliance department, the KION compliance team, and the KION compliance committee provide operational support to the aforementioned functions.
The individual companies cannot assume with any degree of certainty that they will win any of the lawsuits or that the existing risk provision in the form of insurance or provisions will be sufficient in each individual case.
The total carrying amount for liabilities in connection with share-based remuneration was €16.2 million as at December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020: €5.2 million).
The same goes for our customers and our suppliers, our other business partners, and ultimately our shareholders.
It manages the KION  compliance team, in which local and regional compliance officers of the Group are represented.
Details of the new 2024 remuneration system will be published on the KION Group’s website (www.kiongroup.com/en/Investor-Relations/Shareholders-Meeting) as part of the preparations for the 2024 Annual General Meeting and will be made available to shareholders ahead of the meeting.
Other obligations included provisions for risks arising from lease business, for waste disposal and recycling obligations, and for litigation.
The expertise area 'in-depth understanding of the markets in Asia' has been made more specific, and such expertise is now required to include an in-depth understanding of the Chinese market.
The agreed financial covenant involves ongoing testing of adherence to a maximum level of leverage (defined as the ratio of industrial net operating debt (INOD) to adjusted EBITDA).
Customers now have a much wider choice and therefore the added option of making appropriate and efficient use of batteries.
Upon initial recognition, financial liabilities in the AC category are carried at fair value, including any directly attributable transaction costs.
Revenue generated from external customers in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment advanced by 15.3 percent to €8,464.2 million (2022: €7,344.2 million) as a result of higher production output.
That will benefit our business, and that makes us more resilient in volatile times.
Other changes in the equity of associates and joint ventures are recognized in other comprehensive income in the consolidated financial statements in proportion to the Group’s interest in the associate or joint venture.
Extensive training measures on compliance issues NfR: Anti-corruption and bribery matters All new employees at KION Group are required to complete an e-learning course that covers all aspects of the KION Group Code of Compliance.
Defined benefit plansThe KION Group currently grants pensions to almost all employ-ees in Germany and a number of foreign employees.
In addition, eight associates (December 31, 2022: seven) and three joint ventures (December 31, 2022: three) were consolidated and accounted for using the equity method as at December 31, 2023.
The KION Group mitigates the risks by continually monitoring supply chains, the availability of materials, and suppliers’ ability to fulfill orders.
Two further efficient trucks – the EXH-S and the EXD-S – have since been introduced in the warehouse technology equipment segment, while the ECH 15, a low-platform truck with an integrated lithium-ion battery, is now also available to customers.
So we’re watching this very carefully, and it’s part of our objective of returning to guidance as the uncertainty disperses over the course of the year.
I guess, I’m wondering whether you Page 24   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call Transcription see any risk of a repeat of that scenario, in which case KION’s margins could fall further than peers.
And we’ll talk about our own guidance for ’24 as we get to this time next year.
Much of the additional volume in the market for new industrial trucks is attributable to the electrification of manual hand pallet trucks, which are being replaced by entry-level electric trucks in the lower weight categories.
Marcus A. Wassenberg was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the KION GROUP AG with effect from January 1, 2023.
This may lead to reallocation of the budgets earmarked for the realisa-tion of opportunities.
Expected business situation and financial performance of the KION Group In 2022, the KION Group took decisive steps in both operating segments in order to enhance the long-term resilience of its business model.
In 2023, the existing risk catalog was revised in respect of sustainability-related risks and adapted in line with current ESG risks.
Our audit firm has applied the Quality Assurance Standard: Quality Assurance Requirements in Audit Practices (IDW QS 1) promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (IDW).
So, there is also the volume piece to that expense.
A multi-stage approval process based on an extensive list of criteria is intended to ensure that technological, financial, country-specific, currency-specific, and contractual risks are mitigated to the greatest extent possible.
The lower effective tax rate in 2018 had primarily been due to the pos-itive impact of an amendment to tax law in Germany (section 8c of the German Corporation Tax Act (KStG)).
[37] Other liabilities Other liabilities comprised the following items:   Deferred income included deferred revenue of €168.5 million (December 31, 2022: €189.0 million) resulting from the indirect sales lease business.
The KION Group’s obligations under its current corporate policy include taking comprehensive precautions to create a safe working environment and ensuring employees know how to avoid risks and accidents.
In the reporting period, to increase the efficiency of its work, the Supervisory Board was supported by five standing committees (Nomination Committee, Executive Committee, Audit Committee, Mediation Committee, and Remuneration Committee).
The analysis has already been completed for 94 percent of all KION subsidiaries, and no significant risks of corruption have been identified.
The main components of the cost of sales are cost of materials, personnel expenses, depreciation expenses on property, plant and equipment and amortization expenses on intangible assets in connection with purchase price allocations, and amortization expenses on capitalized development costs.
Corporate Services Corporate Services comprises holding companies and other service companies that provide services such as IT, and general administration across all segments.
The IMF predicts growth of 4.3 percent for the developed economies in 2021.
And maybe if you can talk about whether you expect more orders to come in first half versus second half and also potential risk from customers might be delaying their plan if this coronavirus-related uncertainty increase, particularly in Western markets.
The identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are measured at their fair value.
The rise in other income was predominantly due to the increase in foreign currency exchange rate gains.
Reputational risks are secondary risks that can arise from legal risks as well as other types of risk.
KION GROUP AG makes further information available at the Annual General Meeting, during regular conference calls for analysts and investors, in press releases, on the Company's website, and on social media.
Supply Chain SolutionsThe Supply Chain Solutions segment, with its Dematic Operating Unit, is a strategic partner to customers in a variety of industries, supplying them with integrated technology and software solu-tions with which to optimise their supply chains.
And for SCS, we always said we will be at the upper end of our guidance range.
To increase transparency, the main elements are identified by the symbol  and the rele-vant NfR information.
The Supervisory Board was involved in every key step of the realization of these fundamental initiatives for the future of the Company.
The Supply Chain Solutions segment comprises the Dematic brand.
If the payments received from the customer exceed the revenue recognized, the excess is recognized as a contract liability.
Furthermore, the KION Group cannot guarantee that future per-formance and actual profits generated will be consistent with the stated assumptions and estimates and can accept no liability in this regard.
Depending on a business partner’s risk profile, either a basic review or a multi-stage due diligence review takes place.
So do you see actually Page 17   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call Transcription competitors following on your price increases?
Free cash flow Free cash flow for the reporting period is the sum of cash flow from operating activities and cash flow from investing activities.
What’s important is we’ve given ourselves protection against inflationary pressures, like we saw last year on a go-forward basis.
Cus-tomers’ decisions on whether to invest depend to a large degree on the macroeconomic situation and conditions in their particular sector.
In addition, the KION Group has excellent customers, business partners and over 41,000 talented and experienced employees that demonstrate immense commitment to each other and to our long-term success together.
No bonus is paid if target achievement is 70 per cent or less (lower target limit).
Upon initial recognition, financial liabilities in the AC category are carried at fair value, including (where applicable) directly attributable transaction costs.
The revised sustainability strategy aims to achieve an annual improvement in the LTIFR of 5 percent in the future (upper limit 2020: 8.2).
These treasury shares are not dividend-bearing and do not confer any voting rights.
For today’s call, please refer to our Q1 presentation that’s on our IR Website.
Capital expenditure in Germany came to €156.6 million in 2019 (2018: €156.3 million).
The distribution of a dividend of €0.41 per share (2020: €0.04 per share) to Weichai Power resulted in a pro rata outflow of funds from KION GROUP AG of €24.3 million (2020: €2.1 million).
Consequently, export controls are an important part of the compliance activities carried out by the Group companies.
Financial risks Corporate Finance is responsible for ensuring that sufficient financial resources are always available for the KION Group.
Promising negotiations on the sale of the Russian ITS business are already being held; the local business of SCS has already been largely wound down.
Consequently, the Executive Board is currently authorized by the Annual General Meeting to use the 2020 Authorized Capital to increase the Company’s share capital by up to €279,353 by issuing up to 279,353 new no-par-value bearer shares against cash contributions.
Potential research and development risks are also reduced by carefully managing projects and processes.
In 2019, there had also been an amount of €1.8 million relating to the 2017 tranche.
Because default risk and the other material risks and opportunities are passed to the factor, the receivables are derecognized in full when payment is received from the factor.
Overall, financial debt taken on during the reporting period reached €2,940.1  million (2018: €1,811.7 million); repayments amounted to €3,166.2 million (2018: €2,042.6 million).
Close cooperation between the in-dividual companies and Corporate Finance ensures that the local legal and regulatory requirements faced by foreign Group companies are taken into account in capital management.
And then when the lease contracts get extended, there are less leased vehicles coming back that we would then sell as used trucks.
Currency translation losses and impairment losses on non-current assets also had a negative impact on the ‘other’ item, which meant that it deteriorated from €27.2 million in 2019 to minus €26.2 million in 2020.
KION GROUP AG rec-ognised tax provisions of €44.3  million (2018: €23.2  million) including those in connection with its role as the parent company of the tax group.
There was a countervailing effect from the €6.9 million addition to the retirement benefit obligation, which increased to €54.3 million.
A very small proportion of pension benefits are granted in the form of final-salary-linked benefit obligations.
13KION GROUP AGTO OUR SHAREHOLDERSLetter to ShareholdersAnnual Report 2019Positive prospects despite growing challengesThe KION Group is excellently placed to continue benefiting from global megatrends in the coming years.
The management report has been combined with the group management report.
The table below shows the overall impact of this acquisition on the consolidated financial statements of KION GROUP AG based on the final figures available at the acquisition date.
I also mentioned seasonality, and the fourth quarters usually have a pretty good strong run in them.
The Group’s EBIT adjusted for purchase price allocation effects and non-recurring items (adjusted EBIT) amounted to €841.8 million, which was up substantially (by 53.9 percent) on the figure for 2020 of €546.9 million.
Besides procedures such as the sim-ulation of different driving conditions or load tests, the KION Group also employs in-house developed test methods in the product development process.
Individual areas of opportunity are identified within the framework of the strategy process.
Welcome to the publication of our preliminary financial figures 2019.
Payments made for interest portions and principal portions under procurement leases totalled €126.5 mil-lion (2018: €114.0 million).
The management system, expected development, and the opportunities and risks of the KION Group are described in detail in the ‘Management system’ and ‘Outlook, risk report and opportunity report’ sections of this combined management report.
This item included liabilities from procurement leases amounting to €639.0 million (December 31, 2022: €584.9 million), for which right-of-use assets were recorded.
Sensitivity was based on a net interest-rate exposure of €829.4 million as at December 31, 2023 (December 31, 2022: €1,296.8 million).
The first one would be around the pipeline and the overall vertical mix.
Overall, in 2019, we have seized our opportunities and continued to press ahead with our KION 2027 Strategy despite the challenging market conditions.
So, I’d tell you, in total, I think the bottom line is we’ve got a 9 month backlog, and we’re working on reducing to 6 months plus or minus lead time.
We have orders above €100 million, and that makes a difference.
Another highlight was the on-time completion and launch of the ITS segment’s new plant in Kołbaskowo, Poland.
Sven Weier Yes, and then it's probably fair to say that the real - the like 90% of that is probably in trucks, right, so it's really just a fraction for SCS of those expenses.
[10] Other expenses Other expenses break down as follows:  In 2022, other expenses went up by €49.5 million year on year to reach €130.9 million.
Examples of extreme risks include natural disasters, terrorist attacks, pandemics, and political instability.
The Nomination Committee and Supervisory Board have no influence on the composition of the group of employee representatives on the Supervisory Board because the employees in Germany are free to choose whom they elect.
KION GROUP AG has entered into a number of interest-rate derivatives in order to hedge the interest-rate risk resulting from the variable-rate tranches.
About two-thirds of that contributed to last year`s earnings.
What I would say is it made very good sense to make the production starts that we did in the fourth quarter, in the first quarter, and we reduced our production starts in the second quarter to get that overall balance right.
EBIT (earnings before interest and tax) EBIT is earnings before net financial income/expenses and tax for the reporting period.
Moreover, the complexity of the systems, the greater costs associated with downtime, and fast-changing customer requirements mean that regular maintenance and upgrades are becoming more important than ever.
Both sale transactions have already been signed and are expected to be implemented in the first half of 2024.
Detailed rules are included in the KION Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy, the KION Guidelines on avoiding conflicts of interest and the KION Group Donations and Sponsorship Policy.
The limited availability of used trucks meant that this was the only category where the value of order intake was merely at the prior-year level.
We do integrate by the way with a very strong partner, the ones that you’re talking about, and integrate their modules successfully into overall solutions.
Capital expenditure in the Supply Chain Solutions segment predominantly related to development costs and the construction of a new plant for supply chain solutions in the Chinese city of Jinan, Shandong province.
The revenue of €112.1 million reported for 2023 (2022: €100.1 million) largely arose from the performance of services for affiliated companies.
These principles are set out in the KION Group’s binding minimum employment standards and therefore apply worldwide at all KION Group sites.
The solution uses 3D noise mapping to recommend steps for reducing noise levels.
To reflect the default risk, valuation allowances are recognized for defaults that have occurred and for expected defaults (see note [25]).
Given this positive overall picture, we raised our medium-term target for annual consolidated revenue from its previous level of over €11 billion to more than €12 billion by 2023.
Of this total, €2,062.9 million was attributable to financing of the direct and indirect long-term lease business (2018: €1,165.3 mil-lion).
And there, we also have a mitigation on it.
Drive the Change – For Men and Women’ initiative since 2019 and plays an active part in working groups in order to help drive forward this important issue.
His previous role of chairman of the Audit Committee was taken over by Dr. Nicolas Peter.
To achieve this, safety features and functions are continuously expanded and developed, and customers are provided with safety information in a variety of ways (03 | Product and solution safety).
There are monthly reports on the opportunity situation as part of the regular Group reporting process.
Compliance with these standards also promotes the trust that investors, employees, business partners, and the public have in the management and supervision of the Company.
The financial forecasts are based on assumptions relating to the development of the global economy, the sectoral environment, the procurement markets, and exchange rates.
International collaboration is also strengthened and put into practice on a daily basis by the many teams whose members are spread out across the globe, for example within the CTO organization or IT.
And so, at this point in time, it’s about 22%.
Is that a good proxy for where you expect your wage increases to end up across the group towards the end of the year?
This equa-tes to a total dividend payout of €153.4 million and thus a rise of 8.4 per cent compared with the prior year.
The figure shown for one-year variable remuneration for 2019 is the ac-tual amount paid out, which may differ from the estimated value listed in the 2019 consolidated financial statements.
Consequently, the strongest growth in the new truck business in recent years, including in the first nine months of 2022, has been for forklift trucks and warehouse trucks powered by an electric motor.
The last available annual financial statements or interim financial statements were generally used as the basis for measurement.
Additional production capacity and the expansion of project-related personnel resources are expected to support this growth.
Worldwide research and development activities strengthen the Industrial Trucks & Services segment’s position as a technology driver, which it is extending in areas such as energy-efficient and low-emission drive technologies and automation solutions.
In the months that followed, the Supervisory Board worked intensively and with the support of external consultants to find a successor for Anke Groth.
A risk management policy issued by Corporate Finance stipulates how to deal with the aforemen-tioned risks.
Details of the remuneration of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board can be found in note [47].
The LTI is measured on the basis of employee satis faction and a comprehensive external assessment of the sustainability performance, which is assessed using a recognised rating.
The bilateral bank loans have a variable rate and mature between 2023 and 2026.
KION GROUP AG neither intends to nor assumes any separate obligation to update forward-looking statements or to change these to reflect events or developments that occur after the publication of this annual report.
In addition, foreign-currency forwards are employed to hedge the currency risks arising in the course of internal financing.
That is based on the fact that we had some negotiations with suppliers ongoing throughout the year.
The KION Group’s net financial expenses include a net interest cost of €19.0  million (2018: €18.8  million).
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 134 Annual report 2023  Further developments in the geopolitical situation (e.g.
It should also simplify responsibility for the Operating Units and provide even greater clarity about where responsibilities lie.
The platform’s ultra-precise forecasts allow customers to plan the optimum charging times for their fleets of industrial trucks, to avoid peaks in charging, and in doing so to significantly reduce their energy costs.
The ineffective portion of the changes in fair value is recognized immediately in the income statement.
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined management report.
The interest-rate swaps used as hedges reflect the maturity profile of the hedged items and will mature in 2025.
Exceeding the agreed maximum level of leverage gives lenders a right of termination.
If the actual return on plan assets falls below the discount rates applied, the net obligation arising out of the pension plans increases.
In the case of business combinations in stages, previously held equity interests are recognised at their fair value at the acqui-sition date.
The chairman of the Supervisory Board chairs the Annual General Meeting.
Pursuant to IFRS, these assets are not amortized and their measurement depends, above all, on expectations about the future financial performance of the KION Group.
ITS will continue to build on its strong 2023 performance and is expected to remain in the double-digit margin territory.
This is pushing up demand for warehouse automation, mobile automation, and robotics solutions.
Given that the situation with regard to product availability remains very difficult worldwide and affects multiple sectors, the KION Group expects the level of risks from the project business to remain at a moderate level in 2023.
The increase was due to the significant improvement in the tax group’s earnings situation in 2021.
The allocation was based on a particular percentage of each manager’s individual gross annual remuneration at the time of grant.
The assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries, including goodwill, are translated at the middle spot exchange rate, i.e.
We’ve been taking risk out of our contracts with our contracting.
Analysis of the KION Group’s economic activities for the 2021 and 2022 financial years shows the following results (Table 2).
Impairment testing of goodwill in the Supply Chain Solutions segment Explanatory notes on impairment testing can be found in Notes 6 and 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
This includes liabilities of €242.2 million (2019: €432.1  million) related to sale and leaseback sub-lease transactions entered into up to December 31, 2017.
We do not express a separate audit opinion on the prospective information and on the assumptions used as a basis.
A total of 18,467 shares (2019: 67,104 shares) were acquired by staff under the KION Employee Equity Program (KEEP).
Offering financial services is therefore part of the truck sales process.
It is shown in the section ‘Financial position and financial performance of the KION Group’.
The proposal was discussed at the Audit Committee’s meeting on 20 February 2019, and committee members were given the opportunity to speak to the auditors in person.
The resulting translation differences are not taken to income and are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income until subsidiaries are disposed of.
The Supervisory Board unanimously resolved to appoint Dr. Puhl as CTO on December 17, 2020.
Doing a price increase just once a year or twice a year, these days are behind us at KION.
The Nomination  Committee’s task is to propose new candidates for the Super­visory Board to the Company’s Annual General Meeting.
According to these rules, the chairman of the Supervisory Board coordinates its work and the cooperation with the Executive Board, chairs the meetings of the Supervisory Board, and represents it externally.
It provides additional motivation for employees to continually engage with HSE matters.
08 | Sustainable governance Sustainable Governance is the foundation for decision-making and for decision implementation – in general and for all sustainability action fields in particular.
Interest-rate swaps are used to hedge the resultant interest-rate risk and the risk of a change in the liabilities’ fair value.
Disruptions and blockages in global supply chains, which initially impacted on semiconductors, spread to a variety of other components as well as materials and supplies.
Familiarity with the three main employer brands, Linde, STILL, and Dematic, remains very high and was further strengthened during the reporting year.
These rules of procedure are published on the KION GROUP AG website at www.kiongroup.com/Rules-of-Procedure.
The new remuneration system will be finalised during the course of 2020 and presented to the 2021 Annual General Meeting for approval.
This adjustment may vary by plus or minus 30 per cent of the variable remuneration.
Goodwill Goodwill has an indefinite useful life and is therefore not amortized.
Customer needs are incorporated into the development process on an ongoing basis by ensuring close collaboration between sales and development units and taking account of all region- specific requirements.
Just wanted to clarify this comment you’re making, Rob, on the SCS market because it does seem at odds with what a lot of your peers are saying.
The global Diversity & Inclusion Council, which was set up in 2022, aims to establish a culture of inclusion and diversity that puts people and their mental health first and gives opportunities for career progression.
This creates the basis for innovative and creative solu-tions.
But 9% and 5% is over the overall strategic planning period as opposed to tying that to any specific year and certainly not tying it to next year yet.
Shares with special rights that confer authority to exert control over the Company There are no shares with special rights that confer the authority to exert control over the Company.
The further stabilization that is anticipated in the sales and procurement markets of the operating segments is subject to risks, however.
Purchase commitments for capital expenditure on non-current assets amounted to €68.5 million as at the reporting date (December 31, 2022: €117.0 million); they are financed almost entirely from the KION Group’s own resources.
The members of the Supervisory Board and its committees based in Germany routinely attended in person with only a few exceptions; the members of the Supervisory Board based in China used video conferencing to participate.
Further information can be found in note [27].
The details of this report were discussed thoroughly at the Supervisory Board meeting on February 28, 2024, when it was adopted.
Finally, the KION Group intends to systematically reduce the amount of waste it generates (Table 18).
The  KION GROUP AG 276 Annual report 2022  determination of the criteria and parameters in these applications are subject to the executive directors’ judgement.
Occupational safety incidents are meticulously recorded, documented and evaluated.
It also prepares all Supervisory Board resolutions required in this regard, especially in connection with the Executive Board members’ variable remuneration components (setting of targets and target achievement for the short-term and long-term bonuses).
• Profitability: The KION Group wants to retain its position as one of the most profitable sup-pliers in the industry and improve its adjusted EBIT margin so that it is permanently in double digits.
The auditors were appointed by the chairman of the Supervisory Board on 23 July 2019.
We continued implementing our KION 2027 Strategy with great success along its fields of actions: energy, digital, automation, innovation, and performance.
This means the rate of growth halved compared with 2021 (6.2 percent), which had been boosted by pent-up demand in connection with the coronavirus pandemic.
Therefore, we examined the agreements on the basis of judge-mental selections or by applying sampling methods.
During a successful interim presentation, the technology’s huge potential was demonstrated in an intelligent assistance system that helps self-driving vehicles to recognize their environment.
Resolutions of the Executive Board may also be adopted between meetings.
Can you help us understand, how big is China for you in 2019 in orders and sales?
It also extended the range of production series to supply batteries for a greater number of trucks and power classes.
Resolutions of the full Executive Board are passed by simple majority unless a greater majority is required by law.
PragueCzech Republic23100.00%100.00%122 Urban Transporte spol.
In general, the stronger euro created more difficult conditions for the export business, but made com-modities cheaper as they are mainly traded in US dollars.
To deter-mine the lifetime losses, for purposes of the valuation allowance average loss rates are calculated on a collective basis in accord-ance with the past due status of the receivables.
This was mainly due to the incremental fulfilment of customer orders in the long-term project business over their scheduled period.
Where required, we received confirmations of third parties to assess the completeness of the entered contracts.
However, we made sure that all contract types were subject to our examination.
–perform audit procedures on the prospective information presented by the legal representatives in the group manage-ment report.
The risk of not detect-ing a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collu-sion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls.
Overall demand was weakening in the customer segments general merchandise and apparel, a high proportion of orders was attributable to pure e-commerce providers and grocery retail.
And it does give us some reasonable visibility as we look into next year.
Competitive pressures are likely to continue to intensify in the future.
Each plan is monitored by its own board of trustees, which oversees the running of the plan as well as its funded status and the investment strategy.
The coronavirus pandemic had only an immaterial impact on the project business during the reporting year.
Impairment losses decreased by €12.5 million to €0.3 million.
[52] Information on preparation and approval The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG prepared the consolidated financial statements on February 22, 2023 and approved them for forwarding to the Supervisory Board.
In addition, the Operating Units have extensive used truck and rental truck businesses, allowing peaks in capacity requirements to be met and customers to be supported after their leases have expired.
More than 800 new jobs are to be created in Jinan by 2025.
These are instead used as a qualitative factor in the assessment of risk-bearing capacity.
Current interest payments declined to minus €33.8 million thanks to the further optimization of the interest on financial debt (2019: minus €36.7 million).
A reconciliation of net financial debt to industrial net operating debt is presented in the > table ‘Industrial net debt’ (in the section ‘Financial position and financial performance of the KION Group’).
The KION Group is a leader in the material handling industry when it comes to the development of resource- and energy-efficient systems.
Our thoughts are with everyone who has suffered so much in this conflict.
The hedge ratio, which is derived from the volume of hedged items and the hedging instruments used, is 1:1 for these hedges.
Based on the data inputs, we assessed for each selected contract whether the results of the lease applications comply with the relevant IFRS.
Adjusted EBIT amounted to €841.8 million, also within its target range of €810 million to €890 million.
Pursuant to Section 322 (3) sentence 1 German Commercial Code (HGB), we declare that our audit has not led to any reservations relating to the legal compliance of the consolidated financial state-ments and of the combined management report.
This led to the further postponement of the milestones originally planned for 2020.
And maybe you could give also the feeling how much of that is going to be executed in the first half and how much is then left over for the second half.
In some cases, these go far beyond the requirements set out in the relevant standards.
The carrying amount of the asset is compared with its recoverable amount.
Long-term leases are primarily arranged on a fixed-interest basis.
These will be both faster and smarter than any autonomous vehicles that we have seen before.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 250 Annual report 2023  The following table provides an overview of the foreign-currency forwards entered into by the KION Group.
So no, we don’t see that right now.
In the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, this only includes orders for new trucks.
I don’t see us constrained on our R&D whatsoever.
All of the shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board have been elected for a term of five years.
At the end of last year, the order book finished at €3.3 billion and continues to provide good visibility for the quarters to come.
In the event of heightened economic uncertainty or an eco-nomic downturn, including as a result of external shocks such as a global pandemic, customers tend to postpone their capital expenditure plans.
And as of today, we see only limited risk for our European factories, as we have already have started with the implementation of supply chain mitigation efforts.
These fundamental principles are combined with the KION Group’s commitment to sustainable business, taking account of society’s expectations in the markets in which the Company operates.
This helps to systematically identify and support staff across the Group who have potential, who are high performers, or who are experts in key functions.
Adjusted EBITDA stood at €570.3 million (2022: €335.4 million) or minus €75.1 million (2022:  minus €55.6 million) if intragroup income from equity investments is excluded.
Instead, the auditors merely check whether all of the required disclosures have been included in the corporate governance statement.
Involving employees in codetermination matters as well as through employee representa-tive bodies at a business unit and Group level is handled in accordance with national legislation.
This funding enables the KION Group to present a united front in the capital markets and strengthens its hand in negotiations with banks and other market participants.
Corporate Services The Corporate Services segment comprises holding companies and service companies that provide services such as IT, logistics, and general administration across all segments.
The worldwide vehicle fleet, which consisted of more than 1.6 million industrial trucks at the end of 2021, provides a broad base for the service business.
For critical materials, the KION Group has also increased its buffer of inventories.
Liabilities from short-term rental business In accordance with IFRS 9, liabilities from the short-term rental business are recognized at amortized cost using the effective interest method (AC category).
For the first quarter, we assume that top and bottom line will be slightly impacted in China negatively, but we anticipate a catchup until yearend.
Adjusted EBITDA increased to €476.6 million (2020: €341.1 million).
The growth of e-commerce has a major influence on demand for supply chain solutions, including warehouse automation and solutions for sorting and for automated goods transportation.
And ultimately then, when can SCS be expected to return to growth, if we can start there?
Lainate  Italy  24  100.0%  100.0%   76  Dematic Ltd.  Mississauga  Canada  53  100.0%  100.0%   77  K-LIFT S.A.  Luxembourg  Luxembourg  –  –  –  [2] 78  Dematic Group S.à r.l.
2020 saw the launch of the ‘LMH P2 goes green’ fuel-cell project at the Aschaf-fenburg plant.
The cost of internally generated machinery and equipment includes all costs directly attributable to the production process and an appropriate portion of production overheads.
This figure included a net loss attributable to non-controlling inter-ests of €10.0 million (2018: net income of €1.8 million).
The Audit Committee also reviews the work carried out by the independent auditor and checks that the independent auditor is qualified and independent.
The retained  earnings comprise the net income (loss) for the financial year and past contributions to earnings by the consolidated entities,  provided they have not been distributed.
No concerns were raised as a result of the Supervisory Board’s reviews of these reports.
The KION Group also supports the establishment of networking groups and employee resource groups, some of which are represented on the council.
Within the reporting year, the sustainability action field Product and solution sustainability was further developed, and its scope considerably expanded.
GRI 101: Foundation 2016[GRI 101 does not contain any disclosures.]
Changes in estimates relating to defined benefit pension entitlements resulted in an increase in equity of €410.6 million (after deferred taxes).
The fall in forklift truck orders was mitigated by a moderate rise in unit sales of warehouse trucks, including entry-level trucks in the lower weight categories.
Due to the special circumstances created by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Annual General Meetings in 2020 and 2021 were held as virtual events in line with the German COVID-19 Measures Act.
In the reporting year, the KION 2027 strategy was updated to include sustainability as an additional field of action on the basis of the main aspects of the sustainability strategy.
Monthly checklists have been drawn up for the consolidation process and are worked through in a standardized manner.
The KION Group Supervisory Board commissioned an auditing firm with an external limited-assurance audit of thecontents of the Group non-financial report pursuant to § 315b HGB for the fiscal year 2020.
Additional features include Dynamic Load Control 1 and 2, which prevent both driver and vehicle from getting into critical situations – effectively avoiding tip-over accidents, which pose a major risk of serious injury.
Furthermore, liabilities from the financing of the short-term rental business included liabilities from rental facilities in an amount of €215.3 million (December 31, 2022: €97.1 million).
The standard retirement age for the statutory pension applies.
Anke Groth Yes, let’s start with October.
The performance period for the 2022 tranche ends on December 31, 2024 (2021 tranche: December 31, 2023).
The scope of consolidation for risk management purposes is the same as the scope of consolidation for the consolidated financial statements.
In 2018, the gross margin had been squeezed by temporary underutilisation of project-related personnel capacity in the Supply Chain Solutions segment resulting from delays in the awarding of projects.
These statements only take into account information that was available up to and including the date that this annual report was prepared.
I just wanted to ask around SCS again, as you were talking about, obviously, the possibility of lumpy contracts going forward.
Global surveys addressing the most relevant stakeholder groups, on Group level and in Operating Units, are combined with a sustainability benchmark of industry, peers and market expectations.
The biggest influence on the transaction price is the default risk of the counterparty.
At sites where codetermination arrangements provide for the workforce to be involved in decision-making, the KION Group engages in constructive talks on these matters with the employee representatives.
The KION Group’s procurement spectrum is characterized by a high degree of heterogeneity and complexity.
Besides increasing earnings, the focus here is on asset management and efficient use of capital.
So that’s to me not really a strategy just to make your warehouses bigger.
Consequently, the total amount of unrecognized deferred tax assets relating to loss carryforwards is €160.1 million (2019: €173.0 million), of which €124.7 million (2019: €140.9 million) concerns tax losses that can be carried forward indefinitely.
Having repaid the remaining liability of €200.0 million under the acquisition facilities agreement (AFA) in January 2020, the KION Group focused on precautionary measures to protect its financial strength in the months that followed.
By contrast, increased tax deductibles and additional tax credits in the Group led to a sharp drop in the tax rate in 2021.
The KION Group offers flexible working-time models that promote a good work-life balance.
In 2019, the weighted, hedged risk-free fixed interest rate remained unchanged year on year at 0.5 per cent.
Furthermore, the KION Group cannot guarantee that future performance and actual profits generated will be consistent with the stated assumptions and estimates and can accept no liability in this regard.
Four years later, in 2005, the current name Dematic is launched as an independent brand on the market and its ground-breaking multishuttle system revolutionized the material handling industry.
All of the shares in the Company give rise to the same rights and obligations.
Picking equipment con-trolled by radio, voice or light is available for nearly all goods and packaging types.
The provisions for onerous contracts as at December 31, 2022 mainly related to project business contracts in the Supply Chain Solutions segment; the payments expected in this context will be incurred within the next two years after the reporting date.
In addition, the minutes of the committee meetings are distributed to the members of the Supervisory Board for information purposes once the committee members have approved them.
For some technical reasons, it may not be able to answer questions from the room.
The age structure of financial liabilities is reviewed and optimised continually.
There are also individual orders for repairs and maintenance work as well as for spare parts.
So, we’ve been extending to help them have the machine availability they need to keep their operations running.
The KION Group Code of Compliance can be found online at www.kiongroup.com/compliance.
The first bond placed on the capital markets under this program had a total volume of €500.0 million, a maturity date in 2025, and a coupon of 1.625 percent.
de C.V.MonterreyMexico51 & 109100.00%100.00%82 Dematic Trading de Mexico S. de.
Violations that have already occurred are investigated through effective control measures, such as regular or special audits.
Despite the strength of the North American business in the Supply Chain Solutions segment and the growth of business in China, the bulk of revenue continues to be generated in Europe.
The total remuneration of the members of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board came to €9.0 million (2021: €27.5 million).
Sharp rises in the KION share priceOver the course of 2019, KION shares recouped most of the  losses that they had suffered in the previous year.
Materiality analysis                                                                      NfR: Identification of material issues, Non-financial risks,                                                102-46Specific financial items in the Financial Statement In 2018, the KION Group revised its materiality analysis and completed the evaluation in 2019.
The Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG has appointed Michael Larsson as the Executive Board member responsible for the Supply Chain Solutions segment globally and the Industrial Trucks and Services business in the Americas.
The payment of a dividend to the shareholders of KION GROUP AG resulted in an outflow of funds of minus €196.7 million, which equates to €1.50 per share.
In consultation with the Executive Board, the Executive Committee regularly discusses long-term succession planning for the Executive Board.
In 2017, the KION Group updated its corporate policy setting out its obligations in respect of health, safety and the environment (HSE).
That’s kind of a good strategy in general.
As far as possible, the recommendations on hygiene and social distancing were implemented at the sites.
Non-current assetsNon-current assets increased to €10,696.4  million as at the reporting date (2018: €10,150.6 million).
The Supervisory Board believes that, in its current composition, it covers all areas of the profile of skills and expertise with regard to practical experience (skills) and / or professional / academic training and knowledge (expertise).
The KGCC is a binding framework for all employees.
Pursuant to article 6 (1) of the articles of association of the Company, the Executive Board must have a minimum of two members.
Significantly longer delivery lead times prompted customers to bring their orders forward in the first half of 2022, while the market became increasingly sluggish as the year went on.
Double-digit growth rates in both the project business (business solutions) and the service business contributed to this result.
In doing so, the Supervisory Board took account of the Company’s financial situation and performance, its medium-term financial and capital-expenditure planning, and the interests of the shareholders.
The Executive Board as a whole is collectively responsible for key operational and strategic decisions and for the allocation of resources.
These ratings support the KION Group’s efforts to be categorized as a sustainable investment for environmentally conscious investors.
Nonetheless, the KION Group continues to maintain the necessary buffer of bought-in parts.
Overall, revenue declined compared to the prior-year quarter as the stable services business did not compensate for the 26% decline in the project business.
In 2022, based on the averages for the year, the euro depreciated by a significant 10.9 percent against the US dollar, by 7.2 percent against the renminbi, and by a modest 0.8 percent against pound sterling.
• evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used by the executive directors and the reasonableness of estimates made by the executive directors and related disclosures.
Because the hedges are highly effective, the change in the fair value of the cash flows from the hedged items corresponds to the change in the fair value of the hedging instruments.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in accordance with the liability method for all tem-porary differences between the IFRS carrying amounts and the tax base, as well as for temporary consolidation measures.
PragueCzech Republic14 & 23100.00%100.00%121 STILL Regional Service Center, s.r.o.
It also contains the KION Group’s non-financial declaration as required under German law.
A contract liability is a company’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the company has received consideration.
The specific figures are shown in > TABLE 032.
The net cash used for investing activities amounted to minus €406.3 million in the reporting period (2019: minus €277.9 million).
And then maybe if we extend that to 2027, how do you see your market share or overall in terms of your growth versus market growth in both of the segments?
Baoli offers its customers a range of solid and robust industrial trucks and guarantees a high quality of service.
As part of the CampusOS project, STILL is conducting research into open 5G networks and developing the technologies required to use them in intralogistics.
Composition of subscribed capital The subscribed capital (share capital) of KION GROUP AG amounted to around €131.2 million as at December 31, 2023.
All members of the Remuneration Committee participated in all of its ordinary meetings.
At the end of 2022, the KION Group was able to appoint suitable successors for half of its management positions.
In the market for supply chain solutions, we anticipate an annual growth rate along the long-term trend of more than 10 percent, driven primarily by growth in e-commerce.
In July 2023, Dematic announced the global launch of a noise-reduction portfolio.
In the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, this trend was boosted by orders brought forward by customers and by delays in the delivery of new trucks caused by bottlenecks at suppliers.
The KION Group has the right to adjust the amount payable at the end of the performance period in the event of exceptional occurrences or developments.
Additional remarks In the interests of legibility, the KION Group avoids the use of multiple-gender pronouns.
As at the end of 2023, modernization work and services (customer services) were being provided to customers at their sites by around 2,100 employees and other external staff in a total of around 30 countries.
The Corporate Services segment comprises activities other than those of the operating business and the holding functions of the KION Group.
The total carrying amount for liabilities in connection with share-based remuneration was €1.3 million as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: €16.2 million).
Coming now to the second quarter, our assessment is that the market in EMEA was down strongly, while we expect the Americas to have seen moderate growth in the second quarter.
The consolidated revenue generated between January and December 2021 jumped by 23.4 percent year on year.
The amount of the pension depends on employees’ length of service and final salary.
Opportunities are determined and managed on a decentralized basis in line with the Group strategy.
Lots of companies are doing that across lots of -- in different industries.
EMEA continued to see a strong momentum in Q1.
Following the regulatory approval of vaccines and the vaccination programs that began in late 2020 and early 2021, it now seems more likely that the coronavirus pandemic will be brought under control soon.
A reconciliation of net financial debt to industrial net operating debt is presented in the > table ‘Industrial net operating debt’ (in the section ‘Financial position and financial performance of the KION Group’).
At the start of July 2023, the KION Group signed up to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in order to provide transparency regarding its efforts to reduce greenhouse emissions.
Internal control mechanisms and ongoing analysis of the regulatory framework enable any risks that might jeopardize the compliance of the consolidated financial statements and group management report with accounting standards to be identified as soon as possible so that appropriate countermeasures can be taken.
The service business benefits from the growing number and the rising complexity of installed systems.
KION GROUP AG is also a member of the initiative ‘Chefsache.
To ensure the highest level of safety for both operators and the environment, the KION Group’s standards for its own products and solutions usually go beyond the legal requirements and are backed up by numerous tests and trials with industrial trucks.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 43 Annual report 2022  Executive Committee The Executive Committee consists of four shareholder representatives and four employee representatives.
KION GROUP AG neither intends to nor assumes any separate obligation to update forward-looking statements or to change these to reflect events or developments that occur after the publication of this annual report.
And we expect to achieve this within our strategic planning period.
Page 32   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2019 Update Call Transcription Daniel Gleim Very clear.
• Effective use and centralized coordination of global development capacities may create synergies and economies of scale.
In the case of product sales, the corresponding expense is recognized in cost of sales at the date on which the revenue is recognized.
Further information on goodwill can be found in note [16].
These non-GAAP measures have been included because we believe that investors may find them helpful to measure our performance as reported under the relevant IFRS measures.
Other provisions Other provisions are recognized when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation to a third party as the result of a past event that is likely to lead to a future outflow of resources and that can be reliably estimated.
So obviously, the trucks themselves are now more expensive, but what we’ve seen in some parts of the world, diesel prices are up 40%.
The KION Group strives for a behavior-based safety culture regarding physical as well as mental health and minimizing hazards, workplace-related injuries, occupational illnesses, and serious inci-dents (01 | Occupational health and safety).
I think that’s a very valid question, especially in the environment that we’re in right now and potentially a very looming gas situation here, Akash.
The liabilities to banks and the promissory notes are not collateralized.
The KION Group only uses derivatives to hedge underlying operational and financial transactions; they are not used for speculative purposes.
Net financial debt rose by €1,102.9 million to €1,670.5 million as at the reporting date, compared with €567.6 million at the end of 2021.
This also applies in particular to cases of discrimination.
No, our Supply Chain Solutions business is the world’s leading integrator of our own and third-party technology with a full software stack and being able to put all that into a solution that’s giving our customers competitive strategic advantages.
Group order intake at €2.6 billion was up 4% year-on-year, thanks to the solid order intake at Supply Chain Solutions.
Among other things, it regulates cooperation with external business partners with regard to integrity checks or performance incentives.
The KION Group actively drives safety standards for the industry.
• Amendments to IAS 37 ‘Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets’ – The amendments relate to the costs to be considered by an entity in assessing whether a contract is onerous (loss-making).
Secondly, access to highly skilled workers helps to lay the foundations for future profitable growth.
List of shareholdings as at December 31, 2021 No.
To help customers overcome these challenges, the KION Group has teamed up with ifesca GmbH to employ artificial intelligence to forecast and manage energy use in industrial applications.
There’s about a 6- to 24-month lead time in Supply Chain Solutions, and I think that’s an important element to keep reflecting on as you’re building your models.
Further information on leases where the KION Group is the lessor can be found in the section on the lease and short-term rental business in this note.
The commercial paper program was increased by €250.0 million to €750.0 million in April 2022.
So, is this similar in kind of size of competitors also?
Deferred taxes are recognised in other compre-hensive income if they relate to transactions also recognised in other comprehensive income.
For example, they are used along with the six core competencies as a basis for measuring performance in the annual staff appraisal interviews.
The total expenditure is around €120 million, of which €98.0 million (or €89.3 million after deduction of cash and cash equivalents acquired) was included in the calculation of free cash flow in the year under review.
The Company applies high quality and safety standards to the use of its products and in product development and manufacturing, and it has also taken out the usual types of insurance to cover any third-party claims.
Furthermore, liabilities from financial services arising from the lease business include residual value obligations resulting from the indirect lease business.
In particular, capacity bottlenecks on the part of suppliers could result in the KION Group facing backlogs in the supply of individual raw materials and components.
Contract costs are recognized as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.
We also liaised closely with workforce representatives in order to make full use of opportunities for internal flexibility.
One new promissory note was issued, whereas a further amount was repaid towards the remain-ing long-term tranches under the AFA.
Certification is to be extended to all production facilities and sales and service outlets.
Net cash provided by operating activities totaled €527.1 million, which was lower than the prior-year figure of €846.3 million, primarily because of the decline in EBIT.
We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
The Supervisory Board’s decision on changing the remuner-ation system was guided by KION GROUP AG’s positioning in the top quartile of the MDAX on the basis of its size, market position and total assets.
And we got our eyes on bringing the guidance back when the market uncertainty comes -- reduces, and we can come back with some solid guidance for the rest of the year.
A deepening of the crisis in the Chinese real-estate sector is regarded as a further risk.
The reduction in new business (business solutions), which affected both North America and EMEA, was only partly offset by an encouraging rise in orders in the service business (customer services).
Dematic is the global leader in warehouse automation, providing a broad range of intelligent supply chain and automation solutions.
Capital expenditure For the KION Group, this item includes capitalized development costs and spending on property, plant, and equipment and on intangible assets (excluding right-of-use assets) for the reporting pe-riod.
Since January 1, 2021, the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG, which is responsible for the op-erational management of the KION Group, has had six members.
Therefore, all of our plants globally are running.
The increase would have been higher without a fall in defined benefit obligations as a result of changed discount rates and plan adjustments and without the repayment of non-current financial liabilities.
The KION Group’s modeling of the market is based on a further slowdown in global economic growth and a recession in Europe, as explained in the outlook.
This is supported by data from 2020 gathered by Interact Analysis.
Realisation of revenue regarding the project business in the Supply Chain Solutions segment a) The revenue in the Supply Chain Solutions segment amounts to mEUR 2,619.4 in the financial year 2020 (prior year: mEUR 2,376.1).
This is due in large part to the growth in the volume of new truck business and the rise in the contribution from the service business compared to the past.
The electric forklift trucks made by STILL GmbH are also extremely powerful.
Christoph, I understand where you’re coming from, but you shouldn’t look at the ’22 numbers for financial year but actually use Q4 as a starting point.
The KION GROUP AG Supervisory Board met this statutory requirement regarding gender representation on supervisory boards in 2022 as 31.25 percent of its members were female (five of the 16 members).
Furthermore, sustainability is to be made a focus topic right at the very start of the product evolution process.
The KION Group has set itself the target of having all its sites certified ac-cording to ISO 45001 or equivalent standards by the end of 2024.
The critical-terms-match method is used to measure the prospective effectiveness of the hedges.
In 2020, LMH EMEA, for example, achieved more than 20 percent coverage.
The maximum amount payable is limited to 200 percent of the value of the shares allotted to an individual at the grant date.
Foreign-currency forwards with settlement dates in the same month as the expected cash flows from the Group’s operating activities are used as hedges.
For example, the organizational integration of new units can harm financial performance for a variety of reasons.
The segment operates a multi-brand strategy involving the three international brands Linde, STILL, and Baoli plus the two regional brands Fenwick and OM.
> TABLE 006Supply Chain SolutionsThe market for supply chain solutions delivered strong growth in 2019.
To identify taxonomy-eligible as well as taxonomy-aligned economic activities, an interdisciplinary team was compiled to analyze and evaluate the KION Group’s economic activities based on the technical screening criteria of the Delegated Act.
Then in September 2022, the term of the variable-rate revolving credit facility (RCF) with a total volume of €1,000.0 million was extended by one year until October 2027.
I get that part as that is also an indication perhaps on what to expect in terms of sales for next year already.
Currency risks from financial instruments as defined by IFRS 7 are only included in calculating currency sensitivity if the financial instruments are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the Group company concerned.
As the shares in the Company are bearer shares, the Company only learns about changes to the size of shareholdings if these changes are notifiable pursuant to the German Securities Trading Act or other regulations.
If this cannot be readily defined, a term-specific and currency-specific incremental borrowing rate of interest is essentially determined and used for the calculation.
The Industrial Trucks & Services segment has a very broadly diversified customer base.
Firstly, the benefits granted for the year under review, including the additional benefits and – in the case of variable remuneration components – the max-imum and minimum remuneration achievable are shown in the > table ‘Benefits granted in 2020’.
Alongside the modernisation of existing plants in Aschaffenburg, Hamburg, Châtellerault and Luzzara, we are currently planning to build new factories in Poland and China.
The last available annual financial statements or interim financial statements were generally used as the basis for measurement.
Eastern Europe increased slightly by 0.5% in Q4, which was mainly supported by Russia.
Despite the growing danger posed by inflation, monetary and fiscal policy remained on an expansionary footing.
In addition, Standard & Poor’s followed the lead of its fellow rating agency Fitch by awarding the KION Group an investment-grade rating for the first time last year –  a testament to our outstanding financial profile.
Risks arising from the lease business mainly affect the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, while project risks primarily relate to the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
On a smaller scale, they included expenses of €7.6 million from interest charged on intercom-pany liabilities (2019: €11.8 million) and expenses of €5.1 million from the unwinding of the discount on pension provisions (2019: €5.4 million).
Given the high degree of technical specialisation of KION Group products, the Group procures many customer-spe-cific components with a single-sourcing approach.
Dr. Alexander Dibelius sent his apologies for his absence from one of the four meetings of the Executive Committee and Alexandra Schädler sent her apologies for her absence from one of the six meetings of the Audit Committee.
Any change in the fair value of the obligation must be recognized (pro rata) under expenses.
Furthermore, the KION Group cannot guarantee that future performance and actual profits generated will be consistent with the stated assumptions and estimates and can accept no liability in this regard.
Further information on employee structure and personnel expenses can be found in Tables 12 to 16 and in the Annual Report .
At the end of last year, we completed the global KION Pulse survey of our entire workforce in which we asked for suggestions on how we could improve.
We describe these matters in the auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter.
Net financial debt equated to 1.0 times adjusted EBITDA, representing a further year-on-year improvement (2018: 1.2 times).
The KION Group not only wants to offer its customers the most-efficient technology but also to en-courage them to opt for this technology.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 62 Annual report 2023  of the GCGC.
By contrast, the Supply Chain Solutions segment tends to be less cyclical owing to longer project cycles, often lasting for several years, and to the stable growth of e-com-merce.
That’s part of the visibility we’re working to achieve prior to coming back with guidance.
Shandong Heavy Industry Group Co., Ltd., Jinan, People’s Republic of China, is the company that prepares the global consolidated financial statements for the largest number of affiliated companies.
Thanks to the encouraging level of order intake, particularly in the fourth quarter, and the full order book, project-related capacity utilization will remain at a good level for much of 2021.
The interest cost from the unwinding of the discount on estimated pension obligations is not recognized under personnel expenses and is instead reported under financial expenses as a component of interest expense.
Analysis of the maturity structure of receivables is an integral element of monthly reporting.
In derogation of section 3.8 (3) of the Code, the articles of association of KION GROUP AG do not provide for a deductible for members of the Supervisory Board under D&O insurance.
In such cases, the KION Group’s closely integrated manufacturing net-work presents a heightened risk to its ability to deliver goods on time.
Additions to and repayments of financial debt mainly related to current additions and repayments under the commercial paper program and the syndicated revolving credit facility (RCF) as well as the repayment of bank loans.
If the 2024 Annual General Meeting approves it, the 2024 remuneration system will apply retrospectively from January 1, 2024.
Other countries Furthermore, significant asset volumes are invested in external pension funds with restricted access in the US, Switzerland, and the Netherlands.
And our STILL brand is operating one of Europe’s biggest fleets of fuel-cell forklift trucks at the French retail and wholesaling company Carrefour.
Currency effects reduced order intake by a total of €66.3 million.
Our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report do not cover the other information, and consequently we do not express an audit opin-ion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon.
The resulting final number of phantom shares multiplied by the smoothed price of KION GROUP AG shares at the end of the performance period determines the amount of cash actually paid.
KION’s Q2 orders came in at 86,300 units and thus close to the record levels of the previous year.
Is there a sense that that pause is coming to an end or any sort of green shoots?
Our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management re-port do not cover the other information, and consequently we do not express an audit opinion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon.
Page 5   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Preliminary Full Year 2019 Update Call Transcription  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we will begin the question-and-answer session.
Provisions for defined benefit obligations to former members of the Executive Board or their surviving dependants amounting to €11,672 thousand (2018: €10,463 thousand) were recognised in accordance with IAS 19.
taking account of shareholders, customers, employ­ees and other stakeholders with the aim of creating sustainable added value.
In addition, employees receive practical information on the subject of occupational safety via the KION Group Social Intra-net and are informed of current developments (“Safety Alerts”).
The KION compliance department focuses mainly on preventing compliance violations by providing policies, information, advice, and training.
When I talk about a normalization, I’m talking, very clearly, we still expect about 4% compound annual growth rate per annum in the medium and long term on this industry.
It’s a significant recognition, and I’m very proud of the work my colleagues have put into this.
Cus-tomer centricity and a firm focus on customer requirements are also enshrined in the KION Group’s vision of being the best company in the world at understanding its customers’ material handling needs and providing the right solutions.
In addition, the KION Group paid minus €4.8 million for the acquisition of around 20 percent of the shares in ifesca GmbH.
United Kingdom In the United Kingdom, defined benefit pension obligations predominantly relate to two plans.
In the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, at least 75 percent of the currency risk related to the planned operating cash flows based on liquidity planning is normally hedged by currency forwards in accordance with the risk management policy.
Higher volumes were the main margin driver during the quarter, lifting the adjusted EBIT margin to 11.7%, despite the ongoing negative shift in the sales mix caused by the strong project business, clearly outpacing currently the service business.
2.1 Internal control system KION GROUP AG has an internal control system designed to meet the specific needs of the Company.
Goods from Europe account for the largest share of the KION Group’s purchasing volume (74 percent), followed by North and South America (14 percent) and Asia-Pacific (11 percent).
Thanks to the proceeds from the capital increase, net financial debt fell sharply to €880.0 million (December 31, 2019: €1,609.3 million).
Interact Analysis anticipates that this will lead to disproportionately strong growth in the market for AMRs and AGVs.
The KION Group endeavors to pass on price increases to customers but cannot always do so entirely due to market pressures.
At the new plant in Jinan, in China’s Shandong province, pre-production of Linde and Baoli counterbalance trucks started in December 2021, followed by the launch of regular production in February 2022.
The live event included over 1,000 participants from 40 countries and saw the presentation of all available safety features.
The holding period for KEEP 2016 ended on 5 October 2019 and the bonus shares were issued to the eligible employees at no cost.
Main drivers of this are: We saw a 29% growth in new truck sales.
At this point, I’d like to stick with what I’ve said.
The key aims of the initiative were to ensure that the organizational structure was firmly embedded and to communicate the KION Group’s strategy more widely.
Risk matrix                                     The market risks and competition risks described, the risks along the value chain, the human resources risks, and the legal risks largely relate to the Industrial Trucks & Services and Supply Chain Solutions segments.
Segment reports are prepared in accordance with the same accounting policies as the consolidated financial statements, as described in note [6].
The higher production output and the price adjustments carried out in 2022 resulted in a sharp year-on-year increase in revenue and adjusted EBIT that saw the segment’s profitability return to the level of previous years following a weak performance in 2022.
AktG, the treasury shares bought as a result of this authorization must not exceed 10 percent of the Company’s share capital at any time.
Assets held for sale Non-current assets or disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use.
HSE managers at the KION Group’s production facilities and in its sales and service units have the opportunity to meet and talk with one another at annual conferences.
And last year, you recall we didn’t have those protections in place until we started doing so in the second quarter going forward.
With respect to the lease applications used, we examined the appropriateness, implementation and, where required, effectiveness of certain IT controls in line with our audit strategy.
The KION Group aligns its actions with environmental, social, and economic objectives.
• perform audit procedures on the prospective information presented by the executive directors in the combined management report.
This net-work of companies and leaders from industry and science, the public sector, and the media advo-cates equal opportunities for women and men.
The price of steel, the most important commodity, fell steadily as the year progressed and at the end of 2019 was well below its average price for 2018.
It’s also helpful on the pricing side.
Currency effects boosted order intake by a total of €145.8 million.
Revenue amounted to €3,806.9 million, which was within the target range of €3,650 million to €4,050 million.
To increase the efficiency of its work, the Supervisory Board is now supported by five standing committees.
The subscription offer was successfully completed on December 4, 2020: 12,557,440 new shares were subscribed to and thus 95.8 percent of pre-emption rights were exercised.
In 2020, the parent company and the consolidated subsidiaries that reported losses for 2020 or 2019 recognized net deferred tax assets on temporary differences, loss carryforwards, and tax credits totaling €27.6 million (2019: €12.8 million).
In 2023, no violations of the KION Group Code of Compliance were found within the KION Group that revealed a relevant gap in the compliance management system.
In addition, the supplier development department, which focuses on improving suppliers’ production processes, helps suppliers to ensure that their processes are cost-efficient and offer excellent quality.
For Ms. Schneeberger, the arrangements in her termination agreement continue to apply.
Free cash flow is shown in the > table ‘Key perfor-mance indicators’ in this section.
That’s following basically the start of the trade wars under the Trump presidency, that fact as well that we learned from the pandemic that perhaps the globalization had gone a bit too far, so these kind of thoughts.
Lainate Italy  EMEA 100.00% 134 132  URBAN LOGISTIQUE SAS Elancourt France  EMEA 100.00% 134 133  Urban Transporte spol.
Nor does it guarantee that risks that are identified beforehand will not materialize.
For the KION Group, environmental responsibility comprises two aspects: First, the company intends to minimise the environmental footprint of its own actions as far as possible.
In accordance with KION’s safety culture, all employees have the right and duty to withdraw from hazardous work situations and report identified risks.
Regarding the Company’s operations, the Supervisory Board obtained regular updates on progress with the package of measures initiated in 2022 to boost profitability.
Introduction Sustainability management People Products  Processes About this  report Annex  KION GROUP AG 42 Sustainability Report 2022 Standards and quality Standards ensure that new product developments are brought to market efficiently and quickly and make a major contribution to defining quality and minimum requirements.
We assume the adjusted EBIT to be substantially stronger in the second half of the year, as both the improvement in supply chains and the 2022 price increases take full effect as the year progresses.
In 2020, the additional benefits for Mr. Quek amounted to a total of €136 thousand (2019: €135 thousand).
The members of the Executive and Supervisory Boards were also informed of the policy.
A total net loss of €6.5 million was incurred in the year under review (2019: net income of €156.9 mil-lion).
For indicators on water withdrawal and wastewater, see Tables 16 and 17.
In the event of material changes to assumptions or circum-stances, estimates must be reassessed and this can lead to the recognition of an impairment loss for the asset concerned.
In addition, all companies must adhere to the schedule defined by head office for the Group accounting process.
Indaiatuba/São Paulo  Brazil  Americas  100.00%  111   63  KION South Asia Pte.
They have to build up their shareholding to this percentage and hold the shares for as long as they remain on the Executive Board.
The effects from purchase price allocations comprised net write-downs and other expenses in relation to the step-ups and charges identified as part of the acquisition processes.
If a KION Group subsidiary enters into a finance lease as the lessor, a lease receivable is recognized at an amount equal to the net investment.
Since 2018, the Heubeck ‘Richttafeln 2018 G’ mortality tables have been used as the biometric basis in Germany.
The free float therefore accounted for 54.7 percent at the end of 2020.
Within the scope of the KION Group sustainability strategy and the Group-wide sustainability pro-gram, two action fields directly address product-related sustainability priorities: 03 | Product and solution safety and 04 | Product and solution sustainability.
The amount of the pension depends on employees’ length of service and final salary.
Since 2017, LMH EMEA has conducted a total of 90 Safety Scan pro-jects in Europe.
They ranged from 0.1 percent to 0.3 percent as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: 0.1 percent to 0.4 percent).
The Executive Board’s rules of procedure specify that important transactions are subject to approval by the Supervisory Board.
• Amendments to IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ – These amendments relate to the extension of  COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions.
As at December 31, 2021, the retirement benefit obligation and similar obligations under defined benefit pension plans amounted to a total of €1,265.3 million, which was significantly lower than the figure of €1,450.3 million as at the end of 2020.
3.2 Working methods and composition of the Supervisory Board The Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG appoints the members of the Executive Board and advises and monitors the Executive Board in its management of the Company.
For information provided by the Group on goodwill and brand names with indefinite useful life, we refer to notes [5], [7] and [17] to the consolidated financial statements.
Petaling Jaya  Malaysia  APAC  100.00%  28   11  Dematic Corp.  Grand Rapids  United States  Americas  100.00%  14   12  Dematic GmbH  Heusenstamm  Germany  EMEA  100.00%  17   13  Dematic Group Ltd.  Banbury  United Kingdom  EMEA  100.00%  14   14  Dematic Group S.à r.l.
The Supervisory Board reappointed Andreas Krinninger as an Executive Board member for a further five years.
At the new counterbalance truck plant in Jinan, in China’s Shandong province, pre-production started in December 2021, followed by the launch of regular production in February 2022.
Supervisory Board resolutions required in this regard were prepared accordingly.
Categorization of opportunities ‘Opportunities’ are understood as positive deviations from the expectations set out in the outlook relating to the economic situation and the KION Group’s business situation.
Measures aimed at achieving these objectives include the optimization of the capital structure, the reduction of liabil-ities, and ongoing Group cash flow planning and management.
The independent auditors review the condensed consolidated interim financial statements and condensed interim group management report in the half-year financial report.
The revenue that the KION Group generated in 2019 and 2018 from selling goods and services to related parties, and vice versa, is shown in >  TABLES  118 – 119 along with the associated receivables and liabilities as at the reporting date.
In addition, foreign-currency forwards are employed to hedge the currency risks arising in the course of internal financing.
In addition, we have convinced ourselves, where required, of the project progress on site and have taken into account the adherence to the budget planning based on retrospective analyses of selected projects.
These additional benefits will be granted for as long as Mr Quek’s designated place of work is Xiamen or until his service contract with KION GROUP AG ends.
In terms of probability of occurrence, procurement risk has reduced overall relative to the 2022 annual report.
It’s reasonably stable, but it’s higher than it was several years back.
A clear sign of the  Company’s commitment to taking the necessary steps is the earmarking of significant funds for capital expenditure on projects in the five fields of action (energy, digital, automation, innovation and performance).
And some project inefficiencies are certain to remain as long as the supply chain issues remain.
So normally, utilization should go up again during 2020.
This shows that, by firmly pursuing its KION 2027 strategy, our Company is and remains on the right course.
Nitra  Slovakia  EMEA  100.00%  111 & 107   124  STILL Sverige AB  Malmö  Sweden  EMEA  100.00%  111   125  STILL, S.A.U.
The corporate governance standards that the Group applies, which go further than the legal requirements, are set out in the corporate governance statement in accordance with sections 289f and 315d of the German Commercial Code (HGB).
With a large rental fleet of 35,000 vehicles STILL offers a perfect fit for every customer request.
Risk-bearing capacity is defined as the maximum risk that can be sustained, while strictly avoiding any risks to the Group’s survival as a going concern.
However, it staged a moderate recovery during the final trading weeks of 2022.
In the market of the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, the outlook for 2022 assumes a noticeable decline in the number of new trucks sold.
The age structure of financial liabilities is reviewed and optimized continually.
The plan assets are predominantly invested in corporate bonds and inflation-linked UK government bonds, particularly in the United Kingdom.
Many factors, some of which are beyond the control of the management, affect the Group’s business activities and profitability as well as the earnings of the strategic management holding company, KION GROUP AG.
Further details of the share ownership guidelines for the Executive Board members in office as at December 31, 2022 can be found in the 2022 remuneration report, which is published on the KION GROUP AG website at www.kiongroup.com/remuneration.
We’ve done our homework, and we saw this coming.
Interest expense from leases, which totalled €57.4  million (2018: €51.3  million), was attributable both to liabilities from financing the direct and indirect lease business and to liabilities from financing the short-term rental fleet.
The slightly different development in order intake in euro terms mainly resulted from differences in the product and regional mix.
Page 8   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2022 Update Call Transcription    Order book remains high at €7.1 billion and continues to provide good workload for the quarters to come.
Each individual Group company has established a credit management system for identifying customer-related counterparty risks at an early stage and initiating the necessary countermeasures.
Opportunities are divided into three categories: –Market opportunities describe the potential resulting from trends in the market and competitive environment and from the regulatory situation.
They ranged from 0.0 percent to 6.3 percent as at December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020: 0.0 percent to 6.3 percent).
The impairment test applies an income-oriented method in which fundamentally the same assump-tions are used as in the impairment test for goodwill, and it did not reveal any need to recognize impairment losses.
Leased assets for direct and indirect leases with end customers that are classified as operating leases increased to €1,391.5 million (December 31, 2020: €1,333.3 million).
The German Corporate Governance Code (GCGC), as amended, provides the framework for management and control in the KION Group.
93KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTReport on the economic positionAnnual Report 2019The presence of the two operating segments in Asia and North America was significantly expanded.
Just a quick one from me to understand why really like the margin was contracted that much in ITS in Q4 because it looks like you've lost close to 200 bps.
5 The amount shown for Mr. Quek includes a flat-rate allowance of 33 percent (2019: 29 percent) as part of a tax equalization agreement.
will be included when ramp-up of production is completed.
Should violations become known, these would be sanctioned according to the legal instruments available locally.
The KION Group’s annual report is also available here, both as a PDF file and as an interactive online version.
The Nomination Committee’s task is to propose new candidates for the Supervisory Board to the Company’s Annual General Meeting.
Mr Quek will play an important role in the strategic realignment of the Company in the Chinese market over the coming years.
In the reporting year, eight central HSE audits were carried out within the KION Group.
The performance period for the 2020 tranche ends on December 31, 2022 (2019 tranche:  December 31, 2021).
Statements in the Presentation, including those regarding the possible or assumed future or other performance of the Company and its affiliates or its industry or other trend projections, constitute forward-looking statements.
KBS is fully consolidated in the KION Group’s financial state-ments on the basis of the control criteria set out in IFRS 10, in particular due to its economic de-pendence.
Foreign currency exchange rate expenses predominantly arise in connection with foreign currency positions in internal financing and the related hedging transactions that are not part of a formally documented hedge.
The revenue to be realised is determined based on the percentage of completion method.
The KION Group’s commitment to sustainability has been recognised by investors, banks and rating agencies.
The measurement of a restructuring provision only includes the direct expenditures arising from the restructuring and not associated with the ongoing activities of the entity concerned.
In some cases, the KION Group retains insignificant rights and obligations in connection with financial assets that are to be fully derecognized.
The free float therefore continued to account for around 54.7 percent at the end of 2021.
This target achievement rate was calculated using prelimi-nary earnings figures at the beginning of 2020 and equates to a payout of around 145 per cent of the target value for one-year variable remuneration.
Free cash flow amounted to €543.8 million (2020: €120.9 million), which strengthened the Group’s financial position.
Ordinary members of the Audit Committee receive €15,000, the chairman of the Audit Committee €45,000 and his deputy €30,000 in view of their greater responsibilities and thus the greater amount of their time taken up.
The foreign-currency forwards used as hedges will mature in 2022 at the latest.
The distributable profit of KION GROUP AG for the 2022 financial year came to €111.0 million (2021: €197.1 million).
The KION Group also wants to make itself even more attractive as an employer and retain employees for as long as possible by offering modern family policies, to cite one example.
Approximately 70 percent of the share capital was represented and all of the motions were approved by a majority of votes.
Health and safety in the workplace Reflecting its responsibility as an employer, the KION Group attaches great importance to the health and safety of its employees.
the risk that partners will fail to meet their contractual obligations.
The main reason for switch-ing the end dates in this way is because holding elections for the full contingent of shareholder representatives can result in major changes and the loss of continuity of experience and expertise on the Supervisory Board.
Indeed we achieved the best ever order intake and revenue results in our Company’s history and are performing at a significantly higher level than before the crisis.
In Aschaffenburg, Germany, Linde Material Handling (LMH) opened its state-of-the-art Experience Hub in fall 2023.
But as I say, so far, so good.
Each individual Group company has established a credit management system for identifying customer-related counterparty risks at an early stage and initi-ating the necessary countermeasures.
From the current perspective, the KION Group therefore believes that it remains on a solid footing in terms of its future funding capability.
As of 31 December 2020, it was confirmed that, in accordance with the principles applied, the measures are adequate for identifying risks for material breaches of rules with sufficient certainty in good time as well as for preventing violations.
All of the current shareholder representatives whose terms of office end in 2022 declared that they were willing to stand for re-election.
Personnel expenses went up by €16.4 million to €53.9 mil-lion.
This increase was primarily attributable to expenses resulting from implementation of the capital increase in the reporting year (€14.7 million).
The Group launched the Female Mentoring Program for its female managers in 2018, which also continued in 2022.
About half of all new trucks are financed via the KION Group itself or via external banks and financing partners.
As early as 1921, electricity-generating units were offered with the “Matador”; the “EK2000” electric truck followed in 1947 and the first electric forklift trucks in 1949.
Broken down by customer sector, Dematic has achieved particularly strong market share in the general merchandise, grocery, and apparel sectors.
The net interest cost of €23.5 million was recognized in net financial expenses (December 31, 2022: €13.7 million).
In addition, Linde unveiled the Linde E10, a versatile stand-on truck for transport tasks that can optionally be fitted with a lithium-ion battery.
The auditor reported in detail on the main findings of the audit on each occasion.
EXECUTIVE BOARD REMUNERATIONI. Remuneration systemThe Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG is responsible for set-ting and regularly reviewing the total pay of the individual members of the Executive Board.
Dr. Alexander Dibelius has been a member of the Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG since 2007, but the Supervisory Board still considers him to be independent.
In May 2020, KION GROUP AG reached agreement with its core group of banks on the provision of a syndicated liquidity line, with Kreditanstalt für Wiederaufbau (KfW, Germany’s state-owned devel-opment bank) taking a leading role.
Wherever possible, local talent is used to fill management positions locally.
This means that the KION Group’s brand companies can optimally cater to the rapidly growing demand for heavy-duty and high-performance electric forklift trucks, particularly in the EMEA region.
R&D activities essentially take place on a cross-brand and cross-region basis, which makes it easier for research findings and technological know-how to be shared across the Group.
At a Capital Markets Day for financial analysts, institutional investors, and bank representa-tives, the Executive Board presented on subjects such as the value drivers in the operating seg-ments.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 8 Annual report 2022  The KION Group is also on a solid footing in terms of its finances.
Anke Groth Yes, we can definitely, first of all, give the good message that, for the full year, I would rather say it will not be hitting triple digit.
Measured in terms of units sold in 2021, and backed up by data from Interact Analysis from 2022, the KION Group continues to be the number one in the European market for industrial trucks in the EMEA region.
The Dematic iQ Virtual software provides customers with a ‘digital twin’ that simulates an entire warehouse.
Other intangible assets Other purchased intangible assets with a finite useful life are carried at historical cost less all accu-mulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.
As at December 31, 2021, the Company held 96,224 shares in treasury.
This means that this segment accounts for 34.0% (prior year: 36.7%) of the Group’s total revenue.
In this way, the KION  Group creates a stable funding position from which to maintain profitable growth.
And an individual one of those might be plus or minus 1,000 bucks.
And maybe a follow up on the leases, reading the press release, I think the way you commented this is it was like you were extending leases to help your clients because of the long lead times.
After deduction of cash and cash equivalents, the resulting net debt amounted to €1,476.8 million as at the reporting date (December 31, 2021: €721.8 million).
Rob Smith Well, that’s a guidance story as well, George.
This is the result of the KION Group entering into a strategic partnership with Li-Cycle Holdings Corp., a leading North American recycler of lithium-ion batteries, in March 2023.
In addition, we have audited the combined management report for the parent and the group of KION GROUP AG, Frankfurt am Main/Germany, for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2022.
Regarding top-line development in ITS, given that the availability of materials is predicted to improve, we expect further growth, primarily driven by our large order book from 2022.
To this end, the Supervisory Board has decided how the relevant benchmarks are to be defined.
The Company has also taken out a commercially appropriate level of insurance to limit the risk of potential losses.
Based on current assessments, the initial application of these financial reporting standards and interpretations will have no significant effect on the presentation of the financial position and financial performance of the KION Group.
Production risks Production risks are largely caused by quality problems, possible disruptions to operational procedures, or production downtime at individual sites.
The impairment losses on property, plant, and equipment are reported under other expenses.
In cases where the targets are significantly exceeded (upper target limit of 130 per cent), the bonus can be doubled at most (payment cap of 200 per cent).
In a new model series, developers have managed to significantly increase handling capacity in the load category up to 3.5 tonnes and, at the same time, improve energy efficiency.
However, global bottlenecks in the supply of bought-in parts took their toll on unit sales, especially in the second half of the year.
I was just also wondering what potentially you see on addressing the pricing of the backlog.
We will be consolidating the five external stores in and around Aschaffenburg into the Urban New Home center.
Dr. Smith has had a successful career in both operational and strategic roles in the capital goods industry.
As well as reporting on the financial key performance indicators defined under IFRS, the KION Group also uses alternative performance measures (APMs).
KION GROUP AG is a publicly listed company and therefore ensures that its financial management takes into account the interests of shareholders and financing partners.
In this series of webinars, experts provided insights into indi-vidual products and industry solutions.
It was divided into around 131.2 million no-par-value bearer shares.
The Supervisory Board generally meets in person at least twice in each half of a calendar year, and adopts its resolutions at these meetings.
Page 11   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q2 2022 Update Call Transcription  Despite potential short-term softening in demand, our order backlog provides significant revenue visibility for the quarters to come.
The changes in the retirement benefit obligations reported in the statement of financial position are shown in > TABLE 082.
Our shared KION Group values The shared values and leadership principles of the KION Group were developed and introduced in 2017 as part of an international bottom-up and top-down process.
Consequently, risk officers and their subordinate risk man-agers have been appointed for each company and each Operating Unit.
Deferred tax assets also include tax refund claims that arise in subsequent years from the expected utilization of existing tax loss carryforwards and interest carryforwards and from tax credits and whose utilization is reasonably certain according to current forecasts.
The future development of the KION Group and its sub-sidiaries, and the results that are actually achieved, are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual events or results to differ from those reflected in the forward-looking statements.
The point in time when the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the goods sold are substantially transferred to the customer is determined by the underlying contract and the delivery terms specified therein or by international trade rules.
Martin Wilkie Hey, this is Martin from Citi.
The acquired treasury shares may also be used to settle conversion rights or warrants issued by the Company or one of its affiliated companies.
The interest income from leases relates to the interest portion of lease payments in financial services transac-tions in which KION Group entities operate as lessors (in the case of leases classified as finance leases).
There was a significant downturn in demand from customers in the project business (business solutions) as a result.
Classroom-based training is offered to employees depending on their level of risk.
Making greater use of artificial intelligence for products and software solutions is a long-term focus of the KION Group’s research and development in the area of digitalization.
Management and control Corporate governance The KION Group follows generally accepted standards of sound, responsible corporate governance.
The Supervisory Board generally meets in person at least twice in each half of a calendar year, and adopts its resolutions at these meetings.
At 5.4 percent, the adjusted EBIT margin was down by a half compared with the previous year (2019: 10.8 percent).
However, other factors could also have an adverse effect on our business performance and results.
Each strategy aspect is overseen by a member of the Executive Board, who serves as sponsor.
Development of a global platform for the brand companies in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment was a further focus of efforts to boost the technological position.
These consisted of eight meetings of the full Supervisory Board, four of the Executive Committee, five of the Audit Committee, one of the Remuneration Committee, and one of the Nomination Committee.
Opportunity report Principles of opportunity management Opportunity management, like risk management, forms a central part of the Company’s day-to-day management.
In absolute terms, this increase was primarily attributable to higher order intake for counterbalance trucks, with a noticeable trend toward electric forklift trucks.
Members of the Supervisory Board receive fixed remuneration plus reimburse-ment of out-of-pocket expenses.
The Executive Board and Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG will propose a dividend for 2021 of €1.50 per share (2020: €0.41) to the Annual General Meeting on May 11, 2022.
The KION Group is already a global player in most of these sectors and enjoys established relationships with its customers.
The Americas region (North, Central, and South America) registered growth of 60.7 percent, which was mainly due to higher order volumes in the North American market.
The outlook for the fiscal year 2020 does not take into account possi-ble effects from global pandemics or comparable events, as a valid estimate of the resulting effects is not possible due to insuf-ficient data.
Accounting-related internal control system For its accounting process, the KION Group has defined suitable structures and processes as part of its internal control and risk management system and implemented them throughout the Group.
When an insured event occurs, the pension is paid as a lump sum or, following a written request, in ten annual installments.
Ltd.HuntingwoodAustralia14100.00%100.00%31 Dematic NVZwijndrechtBelgium53 & 3100.00%100.00%32 STILL NVWijnegemBelgium23 & 84100.00%100.00%33 Dematic Sistemas e Equipamentos de Movimentação de Materiais Ltda.
A risk management policy issued by Corporate Treasury stipulates how to deal with the aforementioned risks.
As at December 31, 2023, 47 (December 31, 2022: 53) companies were recognized at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income.
The KION Group’s borrowing currently has an age structure extending until 2027.
Close cooperation between the individual companies and the Corporate Finance division ensures that the local legal and regulatory requirements faced by foreign Group companies are taken into account in capital management.
The corresponding assets are therefore reported as leased assets within non-current assets and measured at amortized cost.
In the current situation, government measures or customer-imposed restrictions might prevent or limit the access to customers’ premises that is needed to perform contractually agreed work.
Interest-rate swaps are entered into in order to hedge interest-rate risk.
Drive the Change – For Men and Women’, in which it is actively represented by Ms. Anke Groth.
Overall, this resulted in another increase in the full-year 2023 outlook for the overall KION Group in adjusted EBIT, in free cash flow, and in ROCE.
5 The amount shown for Mr Quek includes a flat-rate allowance of 29 per cent (2018: 53 per cent) as part of a tax equalisation agreement.
However, the KION Group has taken another decisive step further.
In the other operating units, the conversion is ongoing.
He hands over the reins of the KION Group having seen it record the best set of results in its history.
Fitch Ratings had already confirmed the short-term issuer default rating of F2 in September of the reporting year.
Summary of opportunities The outlined opportunities offer significant opportunities for the KION Group in the medium to long term beyond the underlying forecast period.
Furthermore, receivables management and credit risk management are refined on an ongoing basis.
Liabilities from lease and short-term rental business The ongoing expansion of the lease business led to higher funding needs in the reporting period.
Some of them have already been promoted to an executive position.
To determine the lifetime losses, for purposes of the valuation allowance average loss rates are calculated on a collective basis in accordance with the past due status of the receivables.
Drive the Change – For Men and Women” initiative since 2019 and plays an active part in working groups in order to help drive forward this important issue.
On first-time consolidation of an acquisition, all identifiable assets and liabilities are recognized at their fair value at the acquisition date.
Of this sum, €3,619.4 million was attributable to goodwill (December 31, 2021: €3,544.8 million).
Nonetheless, the revenue that the segment earns from the project business (business solutions) is predicted to fall sharply, not least because there is likely to be less investment on the part of e-commerce providers.
Information on the website Detailed information on KION shares as well as press releases, reports, presentations, and infor-mation about the Annual General Meeting can be found at www.kiongroup.com/ir.
This will allow customers to plan the optimum operating times for their fleets of industrial trucks to avoid peaks in loading and unloading and, in doing so, significantly reducing their energy costs.
It is important in this context to ensure an appropriate quality of the risk assessments, especially in the case of activities with an increased risk potential.
Remuneration for members of the Executive Board in 2019In accordance with the recommendations of the DCGK, as amended on 7 February 2017, the remuneration of Executive Board members is presented in two separate tables.
Around 1,850 employees participated in this share matching programme in 2019, roughly 7 per cent of the total number who are eligible to do so.
And in total, our share of electrified products at 88% increased slightly, both sequentially as well as compared to the prior-year levels.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 129 Annual report 2022  Risk report Risk strategy The business activities of the KION Group necessarily involve risk.
The growth of e-commerce has a major influence on demand for supply chain solutions, including warehouse automation and solutions for sorting and for automated goods transportation.
Nor is Mr. Riske involved in transactions relating to the exercise of voting rights by Weichai Power Co., Ltd. or its subsidiaries at the Annual General Meeting of  KION GROUP AG.
Building on this, local product development teams working for the individual brand companies and regions develop customer-specific solutions.
Basic earnings per share attributable to the shareholders of KION GROUP AG came to €0.75 (2021: €4.34) based on 131.1 million (2021: 131.1 million) no-par-value shares.
Other risks arise as a result of constant changes in the Company’s political, legal, and social envi-ronment.
Building on their local competitive strength, manufacturers in emerging markets are also markedly stepping up their efforts to find opportunities for expansion in regions outside their local markets.
Following the adoption of the revised product sustainability strategy at the end of 2020, the corresponding KION Group guidelines are now also being revised and should be available in their new form by the end of 2021.
It also addressed financial and non-financial reporting and the compliance and internal audit reports.
But it’s predominantly the material cost increase which will underline our price increase.
We’re doing this to sustainably strengthen our business Page 14   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2022 Update Call Transcription resilience and sustainably strengthen our profitability in a volatile environment.
Opportunities are divided into three categories: • Market opportunities describe the potential resulting from trends in the market and competitive environment and from the regulatory situation.
In supply chain solutions, 100 percent of our products are already electrically powered.
These take into account the importance and contri-bution of stakeholders to the KION Group’s success as well as their specific requirements with re-gard to the Group’s sustainability performance.
The Executive Board and the KION Group’s investor relations team continued their active dialogue with investors and analysts last year.
This broadening of the range of business activities gave KION an entirely new positioning and laid the foundations that are enabling the Company to tap into and shape the booming business of automation solutions for logistics processes in major, fast-growing markets.
Employees without a work PC and those who are exposed to particular compli-ance risks owing to their activities, such as in the area of sales, receive special face-to-face training.
And he brings to the table more than 30 years of experience in technology-driven automation companies, including ABB.
The price of steel fell sharply at the start of the coronavirus pandemic but recovered over the course of the year.
The Group plans to launch more than 20 models with a modular configuration by the end of 2024.
I continue on Page 5 and talk you through our full year figures for 2022.
Page 12 then shows the development of the net financial debt and our leverage ratios.
Slide 15 shows the 8-quarter rolling average order intake for SCS.
The fair value of the currency forwards was calculated using the present value method based on forward rates.
This includes verifying that the consolidated financial state-ments and combined management report comply with the relevant accounting standards.
In the appendix of this presentation, we have provided an update on our housekeeping items.
The Company has taken out a commercially appropriate level of insurance to limit the risk of potential losses.
Each plan is monitored by its own board of trustees, which oversees the running of the plan as well as its funded status and the investment strategy.
We’ve seen in the past that typically new sales would follow that, and utilization can come down with that.
The expansion is set to create around 450 new jobs and is scheduled to be completed in 2024.
In a structured process involving all of the stakeholder groups represented on the Supervisory Board, the two new Executive Board members were selected as the most suitable person for their role from among the diverse range of shortlisted candidates.
The Company mitigates these risks with a variety To our shareholders  Corporate governance statement  Combined management report  Consolidated financial statements  Notes to the  consolidated financial  statements  Additional information   KION GROUP AG 116 Annual report 2020  of measures.
In accordance with the transitional provisions of IFRS 16, the sale and leaseback sub-lease portfolio in existence as at December 31, 2017 was not reassessed with regard to the transfer of control to the financing partner in the head lease.
However, other factors could also have an adverse effect on our business performance and results.
49KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTFundamentals of the KION GroupAnnual Report 2019The segment is primarily involved in customer-specific, longer-term project business.
A check mark means at least "good knowledge" and thus the ability to understand the relevant issues well and make informed decisions on the basis of existing qualifications and the training measures attended by the respective Supervisory Board member.
KION GROUP AG      45      Sustainability Report 2020IntroductionSustainable corporate governanceProducts, solutions and supply chainOccupational health, safety and environmental protectionEmployeesAnnexThe KION Group has set itself the goal of preventing any form of discrimination within its sphere of influence.
The Group only enters into trans-actions with business partners and banks holding a good credit rating and subject to fixed limits.
Industrial net operating debtIndustrial net operating debt is an indicator of the liquidity situa-tion and capital structure for the operating business excluding lease activities of the lessor.
The rating from S&P Global CSA continued to rise, advancing by four points to reach 57 points.
In doing so, the Supervisory Board took account of the Company’s financial situation and performance, its medium-term financial and capi-tal-expenditure planning, and the interests of the shareholders.
Amortization of intangible assets with a finite useful life is recognized on a straight-line basis and predominantly reported under cost of sales.
Nearly all of the new tranches have a variable interest rate (Euribor + margin) and mature between now and 2030.
The outlook for 2022 is particularly uncertain in view of the ongoing pandemic and the resulting impact on global supply chains as at the end of 2021.
We are leading the material handling  industry in the efficient use of energy through our products and solutions.
STILL also unveiled the new and compact RXE 10-16C electric forklift truck, which can move loads of up to 1.6 tonnes.
These non-GAAP measures have been included because we believe that investors may find them helpful to measureour performance as reported under the relevant IFRS measures.
As chair of the Sustainability Steering Committee, the CTO is instru-mental in continuously reviewing and implementing the sustainability vision for the KION Group.
And the fact is, a lot of times, we do have to buy this in from companies like Manhattan, and sometimes, we use DAI, etc.
Fitch Ratings had already confirmed the short-term issuer default rating of F2 in September.
It is based on the model of the IDW PS 980 auditing standard, which focuses on pre-venting compliance violations.
Beyond the com-pany’s own operations, the KION Group will closely cooperate with its customers, suppliers and business partners regarding energy use, resource efficiency, greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions re-duction and adaptation action.
Page 11 summarizes the key financials for the segment Supply Chain Solutions.
Deferred tax assets are offset against deferred tax liabilities to the extent that they have the same maturity and relate to the same taxation authority.
The audit mandate and the results of the audits can be found in the Assurance Report (“Limited assur-ance report of the independent practitioner regarding the sustainability report”).
HSE activities in 2019 continued to centre on an internal audit programme that covers the KION Group’s production facilities as well as sales and service.
Efficiency enhancements in administrative departments also have a role to play.
The useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed annually and adjusted to reflect changes in conditions.
If this cannot be readily defined, a term-specific and currency-specific incremental borrowing rate of interest is essentially determined and used for the calculation.
With global resources, eleven production facilities worldwide, and regional teams of experts, Dematic is able to plan and deliver logistics solutions with varying degrees of complexity anywhere in the world.
When selecting suppliers, the KION Group also attaches great importance to quality and reliability and thus also to the safety of the (preliminary) products (07 | Supply chain).
For the KION Group, the focus will be on both areas: appropriately aligning the company’s own business activities along the entire value chain as well as on designing more sustainable products, solutions and services for its customers.
If the outcome of a project business contract cannot be reliably estimated, the likely achievable revenue is recognized only up to the amount of the costs incurred.
In light of this, we also place high demands on our suppliers.
In addition, the Operating Units have extensive used truck and rental truck businesses, allowing peaks in capacity requirements to be met and customers to be supported after their leases have expired.
Deferred tax assets on tax loss car-ryforwards and interest carryforwards are recognized on the basis of an estimate of the future re-coverability of the tax benefit, i.e.
Under this arrangement, Mr. Quek’s remuneration is structured as if he were liable for taxes and social security contributions in Singapore.
The total expense arising from defined contribution plans amounted to €170.6 million in 2023 (2022: €152.7 million).
In addition, assistance systems provide support in critical situations.
Financial market risks, for example in the form of higher risk premiums for emerging markets, could make it more difficult to finance capital expenditure.
United Kingdom In the United Kingdom, defined benefit pension obligations predominantly relate to two plans.
Management approach The KION Group’s strategy ‘KION 2027’ underscores the company’s claim to leadership and sets out profitable growth as a continuing objective.
These are measured using the simplified impairment approach in accordance with IFRS 9.
This equated to 1.4 times adjusted EBITDA (2021: 0.3 times).
Any change in the fair value of the obligation must be recognized (pro rata) under expenses.
The Supply Chain Solutions segment comprises the Operating Unit KION SCS with the Dematic brand.
The measurement parameters shown in >  TABLE 122 were used to value the phantom shares on the reporting date.
These notifications are published on the KION Group’s website at www.kiongroup.com/managers-transactions.
As part of this, the individual locations were assessed with regard to their pre-sent range of activities, the type of facilities on-site and, not least, the existing management system.
Analysis of capital structure Non-current and current liabilities fell by €421.9 million to €9,784.8 million as at the reporting date (December 31, 2019: €10,206.8 million).
Hence, there is currently for example no basis for consideration regarding ser-vice activities which are relevant to the lifetime of products and solutions.
3.3  Working methods and composition of the committees of the Supervisory BoardKION GROUP  AG’s Supervisory Board had four standing  committees in the year under review.
Second, there are contractual arrangements in which the Group sells leased assets to external leasing companies (financing partners), which then conclude their lease agreements with end customers (indirect lease business).
While the Operating Units have full operational and com-47KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTFundamentals of the KION GroupAnnual Report 2019mercial responsibility within their markets, KION GROUP AG is the strategic management holding company and is responsible for the groupwide strategy and groupwide business standards.
The calculation draws on observable historical loss data, information on current conditions and the economic outlook.
Christian Harm Sven, you described the development in the last quarter very well now in terms of the contributing factors.
Going forward, sustainability aspects will also increasingly be included in requests for information and offers as well as in contractual documents.
The service business made a substantial contribution to the increase in revenue, primarily thanks to growing aftersales and rental business.
There were also regular discussions between the chairman of the Audit Committee and those responsible for internal audit and corporate compliance in the Company.
Financial liabilities are subject to settlement date accounting, i.e.
The liabilities for financing this part of the short-term rental fleet are also reported under liabilities from short-term rental business.
The objective of the collaboration is to recover the most essential materials from the lithium-ion batteries that KION supplies itself.
Interest-rate swaps are used to hedge the resultant interest-rate risk.
The considerable, industry-wide challenges resulting from the difficult situation in the procurement markets and rising commodity prices were successfully managed overall, although it was impossible to avoid longer delivery times.
The assets and liabilities held for sale also relate to the Norwegian subsidiary STILL Norge AS, which is for sale, and the Finnish subsidiary of STILL Sverige AB, which are both assigned to the Industrial Trucks & Services segment.
EBITDA leads to substantially improved leverage ratios Positive free cash flow in Q3 partially used for repayment of financial debt, reducing net financial debt by €34mLeverage ratios improved sequentially in Q3 23 as weak Q3 22 adj.
Total net income of €373.0 million was generated in the year under review (2022: €220.6 million).
de C.V.  Monterrey  Mexico  Americas  100.00%  22 & 18   34  Digital Applications GmbH  Basel  Switzerland  EMEA  100.00%  35   35  Digital Applications International Ltd.  Stockport  United Kingdom  EMEA  100.00%  16   36  DMTC Technology Services, S. de.
Going forward, the KION Group will focus on its structural program and the related efficiency measures.
Financial services support the sale of new trucks in many markets, forming another pillar of the service business.
Although the economy is expected to weaken and the market for industrial trucks is losing momentum, we anticipate that we will continue to generate profitable growth and further improve our market position in 2020.
The operating profit and assets and liabilities of Hans Joachim Jetschke Indus-triefahrzeuge (GmbH & Co.) KG will be recognized from February 1, 2021.
The total expense arising from defined contribution plans amounted to €138.2 million in 2021 (2020: €135.3 million).
Its mission is to establish an ecosystem for open 5G campus networks using non-captive wireless technology and interoperable components.
Building on this, local product development teams working for the individual brand companies and regions develop customer-specific solutions.
The Supervisory Board determines the number of Executive Board members.
Turning to this chart, you can see an overview of our preliminary financial figures for 2019.
And like in the fourth quarter, we continued to focus on protecting our customers’ schedules.
We also set a course for sustainable, profitable growth.
The ones that go out on a lease program include a full service with it.
Thanks, Rob, for the presentation so far and answering our questions.
Given this risk potential, the KION Group regards the probability of occurrence for this risk to be medium and has raised the gross risk value to high for 2024.
For this reason, the KION Group has not provided detailed information in the 2020 combined management report.
Looking at the leasing business, we’ve got about half of the new trucks going out are on leasing contracts.
The KION Group is in an excellent position from which to take advantage of the continued progress that is expected in the electrification of warehouses.
The KION Group’s global strategy for sponsoring activities also defines clear focal points.
By contrast, the service business was more stable on the whole.
So I wouldn’t suggest to you that it has a one-to-one reflection on the market.
Details of some of these committees are provided below.
And to put that differently, how do you view the trajectory from here, i.e., are the disruptions on the supply chain easing already?
By an expected progression of the EU Taxonomy further sets of criteria for further objectives and particularly industry-specific cri-teria inside as well as outside the EU Taxonomy could be the foundation to appropriately map eco-nomic activities and demonstrate key benefits.
3 The figure shown for multiple-year variable remuneration is for the actual amount paid out, which may differ from the estimated value listed in the 2018 consolidated financial statements.
Active and passive safety systems offer the best possible safety for operators and therefore reduce the risk of acci-dents.
Net working capital Net working capital as at the reporting date is defined as the sum of inventories, trade receivables, and contract assets less trade payables and contract liabilities.
Before we kick off with our call and the traditional quarterly presentation, I’d like to ask our new CFO Marcus Wassenberg, who joined KION on the 1st of January this year, to quickly introduce himself to you.
For example, supply shocks caused by the conflict in the Middle East, the continued attacks in the Red Sea, and the war in Ukraine could lead to further spikes in food, energy, and transportation costs.
This included the distribution of a dividend of €1.50 per share, resulting in a total distribution to shareholders of around €196.7 million.
As a result, the market conditions that prevail in Europe impact significantly on the KION Group’s financial performance.
Their fair value was calculated using the transaction price achievable in an active market.
Orders are put together fully automatically within a maximum of one hour.