And due to the corona pandemic in the Asian region, we expect the APAC market has been under substantial pressure in Q2.
Other financial liabilities also included liabilities from procure-ment leases amounting to €486.1 million (2018: €421.2 million), for which right-of-use assets were recorded.
The Presentation is private and confidential and may not be reproduced, redistributed or disclosed in any way in whole or in part to any other person without the prior written consent of the Company.
Personnel liabilities primarily consist of liabilities for one-year variable remuneration, outstanding annual leave, flexitime and overtime credit, and wages and salaries not yet paid.
KION GROUP AG generally issues guarantees to the banks for Group companies’ existing payment obligations.
So I think that will help us deliver better and have it more in grip.
Around 50 variants of diesel and electric forklift trucks will be built on the platform, using standard components wherever possible.
Electric forklift truck orders and warehouse truck orders rose by an even greater amount (up by 56.7 percent and 53.7 percent respectively) and were up significantly in all sales regions.
Furthermore, they include repurchase obligations resulting from the indirect leasing business.
On behalf of everyone on the Supervisory Board, I wish Ms. Groth all the best for the future and further success as she continues along her career path.
Rob Smith What I’d point out to you, Sebastian, is we’ve got a very strong order book in both of our businesses.
A sum of €437.2 million, representing some of the financing of the short-term rental fleet, was recognised under liabilities from financial services (2018: €307.1 million).
This amount had been repaid in full by the reporting date.
Moreover, a downward trend in financial markets could have a significant effect on minimum funding requirements, some of which apply outside Ger-many.
The carrying amount of an asset is compared with its recoverable amount.
Otherwise, the executive directors are responsible for the other infor-mation.
People want things same day, next day latest, and labor is very hard to get in warehouses.
So, it might continue to grow in the second half.
The presidents of the Operating Units are responsible for compliance within the operating business, while the functional managers are responsible for core administrative processes in the departments at the Group’s headquarters.
Under the requirements of GAS 17, IFRS 2, and the HGB, the total expense arising from share-based payments and the fair value of the performance share plan on the date of granting must be disclosed.
This will be measured according to the total greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 3) from the products and solutions sold each year.
At the start of 2024, the chairman of the Supervisory Board held discussions with investors about corporate governance matters relating to the Supervisory Board.
By contrast, the risk situation in terms of market risk, production risk, and sales risk almost normalized compared with the previous year.
A specifically established team of dedicated sustainability specialists supports the implementation of this strategy.
And with KION Battery Systems GmbH, KION Group has established a new joint venture with BMZ Holding GmbH for the development and production of lithium-ion batteries.
Strong demand for robotics applications and their integration in customers’ software environments is therefore likely.
Of this figure, €470.7 million was attributable to land and buildings (December 31, 2022: €445.7 million) and €118.5 million to plant & machinery and office furniture & equipment (December 31, 2022: €97.9 million).
Other criteria used to determine remuneration are the individual responsibilities and personal per-formance of each member of the Executive Board.
However, the average for 2022 was still much higher than in the prior year.
On the reporting date, monetary items are translated at the closing rate and non-monetary items at the rate prevailing on the transaction date.
The effects from purchase price allocations comprised net write-downs and other expenses in relation to the step-ups and charges identified as part of the acquisition processes.
This was partly attributable to non-tax-deductible expenses, which did not decrease to the same extent as earnings before tax.
The Supervisory Board therefore supports the inclusion of additional female members and members from different cultural backgrounds who meet the above criteria insofar as the skills re-quirements are met.
Administrative expenses also jumped, by 17.1 per cent, to reach €546.9 million (2018: €467.1 million).
We are having some issues getting the stuff out the door.
A few big-ticket orders that had already been confirmed were cancelled altogether, while some customer orders whose negotiations had been concluded were postponed until further notice.
And so, as we put those in place on a going-forward basis, they will over time be making an improvement in the margins on both trucks and also on projects.
In November 2022, the KION Group announced that it would be significantly increasing capacity at its plant in Reutlingen, Germany, which is home to the Group’s global business in order picking stacker trucks.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
Furthermore, the increasing automation of warehouses and the resulting rise in indoor material handling are pushing up demand for industrial trucks with an electric drive.
In addition, Dematic launched the joint AIGV project with the University of Edinburgh in 2022 with the aim of making person/robots-to-goods applications much more efficient, flexible and customer-oriented for the warehouses of tomorrow.
Rob Smith No, no, that’s a good understanding.
These backlogs can lead to temporary decreases in revenue and liquidity as well as to inefficiencies in production.
The total remuneration of the members of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board came to €22.4 million (2022: €9.0 million).
Because it operates in countries in which the political or legal situation is uncertain, the KION Group is exposed to the consequent risk of government regulation, changes to customs rules, capital controls, expropriations, and social unrest.
There was an additional focus on identifying young high-potential candidates who will be put on targeted development programs.
The KION Group proactively meets these requirements by taking note of planned regulatory changes at an early stage and actively communicating the requirements to its suppliers.
Segment reports are prepared in accordance with the same ac-counting policies as the consolidated financial statements, as described in note [7].
In the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, hedges are entered into at individual company level for highly probable future transactions on the basis of rolling 15-month forecasts, as well as for firm commitments not reported in the statement of financial position.
These non-GAAP measures have been included because we believe that investors may find them helpful to measure our performance as reported under the relevant IFRS measures.
Ltd.  Singapore  Singapore  APAC  100.00%  17   29  Dematic Pty.
Delays in delivery or a rise in the number of complaints could harm the KION Group’s stand-ing with its customers and, as a result, could harm its financial situation.
In the year under review, the external audit of the compliance management system in the anti-cor-ruption section was completed in accordance with IDW PS 980, based on ISO 19600.
Currency translation effects had a negative impact on the KION Group’s operating performance in 2023, whereas the prior-year figures had been strongly influenced by positive currency effects.
As at December 31, 2022, outstanding lease payments with a present value of €754.4 million (December 31, 2021: €654.4 million) were available as collateral for liabilities from the lease business.
Our global teams have showed our customers that they can continue to move forward with KION!
The target figure for ROCE is in the range of 11.0 percent to 12.0 percent.
That is why a detailed compliance program that is framed with regard to the Company’s risk situation has been set up for KION GROUP AG and its Group companies worldwide.
And that’s why we’re excited about Page 28   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call Transcription extending and expanding our lithium-ion capacity in the KION Battery Systems.
Thank you very much for answering all the questions.
The KION Group makes estimates regarding future residual values.
In a highly competitive industry, attracting, developing, engaging, and retaining talents is a major driver for business success and profitable growth.
The presidents of the Operating Units are responsible for compliance within the operating business, while the functional managers are responsible for core administrative processes in the departments at the Group’s headquarters.
The other information also includes the remaining parts of the annual report.
In a wider sense governance encompasses business ethics as well as the KION Group's understanding of sustainable business management including but not limited to compliance, corporate citizenship and communications.
Internal IT resources are pooled in the cross-segment KION Group IT function, which has well-established processes for portfolio management and project planning and control.
The KION Group’s product devel-opment and innovation processes are also characterized by close involvement of customers.
Market planning takes into account macroeconomic and industry-specific performance, which is described below.
The default risk for the Group and for the counterparty is taken into account on the basis of gross figures.
In addition, the KION Group’s external auditor examines the early-warning system for risk as part of its annual audit of the consolidated financial statements.
Český KrumlovCzech Republic52100.00%100.00%117 Linde Material Handling Česká republika s.r.o.
This was predominantly due to the disproportionately strong increase in revenue from the project business in the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
As a result, our customers will be able to operate even more efficiently.
2 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) are disclosed in note 6 of the separate financial statements of KION GROUP AG for the year ended December 31, 2023.
In accordance with IAS 36, they are tested for impairment at least once a year or on an ad hoc basis if there are indications that the asset might be impaired.
In a positive macroeconomic scenario, order intake and revenue could exceed the target ranges, which would have a positive effect on earnings too.
This also applies to the system of personal targets for the individual Executive Board members, which follows the principle of pay for performance.
The Supervisory Board can also use a discretionary individual performance multiple to adjust the final payment at the end of the performance period by + / – 30.0 percent.
Dematic continued the series of virtual events for customers by hosting the first Europe-wide AutoStore® showcase.
On average, the euro appreciated against the US dollar, pound sterling, and the Chinese renminbi in the reporting year.
Other provisions Non-current and current other provisions rose to €370.2 million as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: €340.3 million).
The full Executive Board normally meets every 14 days and meetings are chaired by the Chief Executive Officer.
Page 9   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call Transcription  So I’d like to conclude on Page 15 with some key takeaways, please.
Digitalization has led to greater demand for networked trucks, such as fleet management systems and products that use big data to support predictive maintenance tools.
From early 2021, efficiency is set to be further enhanced by the relocation of a product series from Aschaffenburg to the new Polish site in Kołbaskowo, near Szczecin.
Because of its customer project business, the Supply Chain Solutions segment generally has a greater dependence on individual sectors and individual customers than the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, which is not dependent on individual customers.
In the past, the material handling market has been heavily influenced by macroeconomic factors.
The non-recurring items included in EBITDA arose mainly in connection with the capacity adjustments initiated in the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
The segment operates a multi-brand strategy involving the three international brands Linde, STILL, and Baoli plus the two local brands Fenwick and OM.
Detailed reports in this regard are set out in the ‘Business performance’ and ‘Financial position and financial performance of the KION Group’ sections.
This cooperation strengthens our position in the field of energy-efficient drive technology.
The amounts previously recognized in the hedge reserve are subsequently reclassified to the income statement when the gain or loss on the corresponding hedged item is recognized.
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units that are likely to benefit from the business combination.
So supply chain was really the greatest act in order to secure our supply chain.
This has been common knowledge on the capital markets for a good while now, with companies’ sustainability performances increasingly being assessed and used as the basis for investment decisions.
Over the course of the year, the Company made significant efforts to improve its agility and position itself better for the future while at the same time strengthening its resilience to any unforeseen developments.
The KION Group also pays particular attention to a supplier’s sustainability performance in its supplier selection process.
So let’s move on to the market update on Page 6.
Working methods of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board and composition of the committees of the Supervisory Board; shareholders and Annual General Meeting 3.1 Working methods of the Executive Board The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG comprised six members in 2021.
Financial risks resulting from the Company’s general funding situation would predominantly impact on the Corporate Services segment.
The proportion of the KION Group’s total workforce made up of women rose to 16.7  per  cent in 2019 compared with 16.2 per cent in 2018.
Ergonomics as a development goal The KION Group aims to minimize the strain on operators by ensuring that its products are as ergo-nomic as possible.
The industry-leading logistics automation software developed by DAI complements Dematic’s existing warehouse management system.
At the level of the KION Group, risk appetite is defined as the aggregate risk across the individual risk types that will be tolerated in order to achieve the strategic objectives and medium-term planning.
In the long term, the KION Group currently expects to see continued market growth in the new truck business of around 4 percent.
As proof of the effectiveness of this strat-egy, in the financial year 2020, 65 percent of suppliers reviewed improved their EcoVadis rating compared with the previous year.
Philippe Lorrain Yes, I was wondering whether you start seeing already orders in the warehouse automation for the reshoring of certain manufacturing capacities into higher-cost regions.
Is it right that perhaps the mix has improved slightly, but it was all disappearing because of the phasing of the SG&A and so on?
The best example of this is the new ergonomically optimized and highly dynamic picking station which was nearing completion in 2022.
The KION Group knows that although the occurrence of extreme risks is rare, the severity of the potential losses mean that they still pose a serious threat.
With the 32% increase in order backlog now to over €4.2 billion, the order backlog covers more than a year of new equipment sales, which stood at €3.3 billion on a 12-month rolling basis.
If the cost of acquisition is lower than the fair value of the acquiree’s net assets, the negative goodwill is recognized in profit or loss.
Anke Groth I think you will understand it very well after listening on Thursday to Gordon's and my part of the presentation.
So with a lot of hard work and a little bit of tailwind, maybe things are getting a little bit better vis-à-vis where they were very, very tight earlier last year.
Non-current financial liabilities stood at €1,361.8 million (December 31, 2021: €898.7 million).
New truck business was heavily affected by the lockdown measures in the spring, espe-cially in western and eastern Europe.
Wher-ever possible, local management positions are held by local executives.
Group-wide, consistent lease application shall ensure that the recognition, categorisation and classification of the various contract types according to the IFRS are complete and cor-rect.
Across the segments, the Group is moving forward with multi-brand solutions built on the use of networked trucks and AMRs and including a shared software platform and integrated services.
Don't forget we have a big part of the business in North America, so more than half.
GoodwillGoodwill has an indefinite useful life and is therefore not amor-tised.
Recoverability of the goodwill and brand names with indefinite useful life as recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position2.
In 2019, an expense totalling €0.9  million was recognised under the relevant functional costs for free shares and bonus shares in connection with the employee share option programme (2018: €1.0  million).
And I think you also just said in answer to the last question you expect unit volume to grow for KION.
In the second half of the year, the focus shifted to boosting financial strength over the long term and diversifying the portfolio, partly in view of the growth to be targeted after the coronavirus pandemic.
His Executive Board service contract is also due to end on that date.
Its portfolio encompasses industrial trucks such as forklift trucks and warehouse trucks, as well as automation and software solutions and related services for the optimisation of supply chains.
The order intake of the Supply Chain Solutions segment amounted to €4,329.4 million, thereby exceeding the target range of €3,800 million to €4,200 million.
Payment terms vary in accordance with the customary conditions in the respective countries and are generally between 30 and 90 days.
order intake, revenue) during the reporting period excluding the effects of changes in exchange rates.
A central Group risk man-ager is responsible for the implementation of risk management processes in line with procedures throughout the Group.
The KION Group offers a variety of reporting channels to internal and external whistleblowers in order to facilitate the identification of potential compliance breaches.
According to market research company Interact Analysis, the rate of expansion was more than 10  per  cent again.
• KION Financial Services (KION FS) is an internal funding partner for the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, providing finance solutions to support sales.
Executive Board members are subject to a post-contractual non-compete agreement of one year.
A possible escalation of the trade dispute between the United States and China is a particular risk as it may also affect companies that have a presence in both countries due to the regional distribution of their revenue or shareholders.
Page 15   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q3 2023 Update Call Transcription George Featherstone Okay.
Dubai  United Arab Emirates  3  49.0%  49.0%   Financial investments Foreign 195  Balyo SA  Ivry-sur-Seine  France  14  6.4%  6.4%  [3] 196  TPZ Linde Viličari Hrvatska d.o.o.
What is your basis assumption that informs the global outlook being more flat year-over-year?
Focusing on people, planet, and profitable growth is our triple bottom line.
All other components of pension expenses were recognized under functional costs.
Consequently, four shareholder representatives who, as agreed, had resigned before the Annual General Meeting, were appointed as shareholder representatives for a further five years.
The KION Group is a publicly listed corporate group and therefore ensures that its financial man-agement takes into account the interests of shareholders, the banks providing its funding, and other lenders.
Dematic was named ‘Voice Partner of the Year’ for the Asia-Pacific region by Honeywell, while STILL’s hand-operated pallet truck series EXH-14-20-Plus picked up an IFOY award in the ‘warehouse trucks lowlifter’ category in 2023.
It may take some time into next year, but they will be coming back, and they will be continuing to participate in the growth as they grow into that capacity that we helped them install.
Order intake grew by 5.3% to €9.1 billion, which was mainly supported by the very strong SCS development and the solid IT&S order intake.
Employees HR strategy The ultimate objective of the KION Group’s HR strategy is to provide the best possible support for the targeted implementation of the KION 2027 strategy, with which it is closely aligned.
No part of this Presentation, nor the fact of its distribution, should form the basis of, or be relied on by any person in connection with, any contract or commitment or investment decision whatsoever.
After taking into account the dividend payment of €4.7 million and the net loss for the year of €6.5 million, equity rose to €4,631.9 million (December 31, 2019: €3,828.6 million).
Measures to actively manage the performance of executives were strengthened, for example.
These translate into a focus to improve energy efficiency, process efficiency, and reduced resource consumption.
Having said that, this is not a fast fix, Sven.
In the case of contracts in the project business, a provision for onerous contracts is recognized if the total contract costs exceed the contract revenue.
Protecting the environment is one of the key concerns of the KION Group.
At the end of the performance period, the number of the phantom shares is amended depending on the degree to which the relevant targets are achieved.
The segment secured attractive new projects and projects for the modernization and expansion of existing facilities, primarily in North America and western Europe.
Furthermore, binding targets are set for the share of women at the management levels of Linde Material Handling GmbH, STILL GmbH and Dematic GmbH.
> TABLE 021Net assetsAt the end of 2019, the total assets of KION GROUP AG had increased by approximately 1.4  per  cent year on year to €7,680.5 million.
The platform, which relies on highly sophisticated algorithms, can be used to help upgrade standard industrial robot arms into full-task robots that can tackle complex intralogistics challenges.
Business planning and financial planning are based on expected market performance, but also draw on other assumptions, such as those relating to changes in the cost of materials, labor costs, sale prices, and movements in exchange rates.
Numerous activities aimed at improving health, such as fit-ness programmes and advice on nutrition and healthcare, also have a positive effect on health and safety in the Group.
Its developers have responded to the growing demands placed on users on a daily basis.
Close exchange with customer on safety The KION Group attaches great importance to regular exchanges with its customers, especially on the subject of safety.
Our revenue and margin targets communicated at last year’s CMD for the group as well as for our business segments are valid.
KION GROUP AG is a publicly listed company and therefore ensures that its financial management takes into account the interests of shareholders and financing partners.
There were no countermotions, nominations, or requests for addi-tions to the agenda.
Order intake Order intake comprises all legally binding customer orders less any subsequent cancellations for the reporting period.
The report also reflects the requirements of German accounting standard (GAS) 17 and the German Commercial Code (HGB).
The credit facilities provided by various banks and an effective dunning process ensure that the KION Group has sufficient liquidity.
The goals are not only to optimize products and services in relation to the resources used, but also to ensure that the parts of the value chain live up to certain defined standards of human dignity, working conditions and environmental compatibility.
The share of seg-ment revenue generated by the service business stood at 25.1 per cent (2018: 26.2 per cent).
The separate financial statements, consolidated financial statements, combined management report, and non-financial report are discussed by the Audit Committee and then reviewed and approved by the Supervisory Board.
Secondly, activities are carried out under the KION strategy aimed at improving oper-ational excellence in logistics, technology & product development and production and at lowering material and quality costs, for example by reducing the complexity of the product range.
Reporting on cross-segment risks and groupwide risks is carried out by Controlling and the relevant departments at Group level.
Thanks to the boom in  e-commerce, the market for supply chain solutions is likely to grow to such an extent that it will overtake global forklift truck and warehouse technology business in just a few years’ time.
They are accompanied by an intensification of expansionary monetary policy by the central banks, the first signs of a rapprochement in the US-China trade dispute.
IzmirTurkey2351.00%51.00%124 Linde Magyarország Anyagmozgatási Kft.
Over the longer term, our expectation is in that strategic planning period easily 9% CAGR in warehouse automation and 4% or better in the Industrial Truck and Service markets.
The fair value of derivative financial instruments is determined using appropriate valuation methods on the basis of the observable market information at the reporting date.
And we did increase our pricing four times during the course of last year.
These and other risks and uncertainties are set forth in the 2022 group management report, which has been combined with the Company’s management report.
These and other measures enabled the KION Group to make sure that no clusters of cases were formed and chains of infection were controlled.
For critical materials, it has also increased its buffer of inventories.
And what we did, we adjusted our fleet.
In addition, changes in tax legislation or disputes with the tax authorities may lead to financial risks.
Also on January 1, 2024, Ching Pong Quek took on an additional role as the new CTO.
The unused portion of the RCF therefore stood at €1,364.7 million (December 31, 2022: €1,271.1 million).
These assets were considered to be unimpaired because these companies are expected to generate taxable income in future.
Overall assessment of the economic situation The KION Group grew rapidly in 2021, with order intake at record levels despite persistent difficulties in the economy as a whole.
The overwhelming majority of the existing pension entitlements are a combination of a defined benefit obligation and a defined contribution component.
Currency-adjusted changes Currency-adjusted changes shows the percentage change in a KPI (e.g.
Regarding the relative TSR target, there is no entitlement if KION shares underperform the MDAX.
The KION Group is not only integrating software into its solutions but also increasingly marketing software solutions as standalone products.
I look forward to talking with you about that as you have a chance to take a look at that and read through it and discuss that together.
Sequentially, order intake was down by 8% due to the usual seasonality at Industrial Trucks & Services.
Production sites are located in Germany, France, USA, China, Czech Republic and Poland.
Expected sectoral conditions In the KION Group’s view, the global material handling market should see strong growth in 2021 if economic conditions improve as expected.
You also said services business there should grow actual sort of headline numbers that like, from the guidance, you’re expecting about 5% revenue growth year-over-year.
All product categories recorded a year-on-year rise, with electric forklift trucks notching up the biggest increase by far.
Our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report do not cover the other information, and consequently we do not express an audit opinion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon.
[11] Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investments The share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investments amounted to a profit of €14.1 million in the reporting period (2021: profit of €13.1 million).
Around 74 percent of the workforce was offered health-related training in 2022 (2021: 68 percent).
As at December 31, 2020, no loans or advances had been extended to members of the Executive Board.
The consolidated financial statements and the combined group management report and management report of KION GROUP AG were prepared by the Executive Board on February 22, 2023.
If the KION Group provides a residual value guarantee, an amount equivalent to the residual value obligation is recognised under liabilities from financial services.
STILL has also launched the RX 60 electric forklift truck (3.5 to 5.0t load capacity).
The recognition and measurement of other provisions are based on an estimate of the probability of the future outflow of resources, supplemented by past experience and the circumstances known to the Group at the reporting date.
Where a conflict of interest is material and not merely temporary, the Supervisory Board member in question must resign.
Default risk is limited by diversifying business partners based on certain credit ratings.
Both reports were discussed in detail in the presence of the auditor at the Supervisory Board meeting on February 28, 2024, after the auditor had presented its report in person.
The adjusted EBIT margin stood at 9.7 per cent, which was slightly lower than the margin of 9.9 per cent for 2018.
Valeria Gargiulo and Marcus A. Wassenberg bring with them a great deal of experience and expertise in their relevant areas of responsibility as well as a proven track record of success.
The amount recognized is an average value or a value determined in accordance with the FIFO method (FIFO = first in, first out).
Supply Chain Solutions segment Business performance and level of orders  In the Supply Chain Solutions segment, the value of order intake decreased by 9.8 percent in the reporting year to €3,032.4 million (2022: €3,361.9 million).
The Supervisory Board considers four shareholders to currently be independent of the anchor investor Weichai: Mr. Ring, Dr. Reuter, Ms. Behrendt, and Dr. Dibelius.
Mr. Tan Xuguang participated in one of these seven meetings and sent his apologies for his absence from the other meetings.
KION SCS, featuring the Dematic brand, is the global supply chain solutions business.
The regional industrial truck brand Fenwick is one of the leading suppliers of material handling products in France, while OM is among the leading vendors in the Indian market.
Overall, liabili-ties from financial services and lease liabilities together totalling €2,495.0 million were attributable to financing of the direct and indirect long-term lease business (2018: €1,906.0 million).
This beacon project investigated secure and real-time communication in industrial applications, using the key technolo-gies of 5G and cloud computing.
The two areas go hand in hand in terms of their practical implementation, as the respective measures and objectives are largely the same.
Accordingly, the actual outflow of resources for a given event may be different from the amount of the provision recognized.
Despite the regionalization of some supply chains as a result of the coronavirus pandemic, the globalization of many sectors continues to be one of the main overarching growth drivers.
Its processes are intended to ensure the correctness of the internal and external financial reporting, the efficiency of the Company’s business operations, and compliance with key legal provisions and internal policies.
In addition to efficient development processes, the KION Group also works with an effective innovation ecosystem.
Contractual provisions and comprehensive project management are important elements of reorganization projects because they help to minimize this risk.
And I think that’d be an appropriate element to consider together as well.
Taking account of the remaining term of two years (2023 tranche) and one year (2022 tranche), the historic volatility of KION shares was used to determine the volatility on which the valuation is based.
48KION GROUP AGAnnual Report 2019COMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTFundamentals of the KION GroupThe worldwide vehicle fleet, which consisted of around 1.5 million industrial trucks at the end of 2019, provides a broad base for the service business.
Furthermore, employees were reminded that all of the Group’s stakeholders have privacy rights that must be upheld.
The measurement parameters used to value the phantom shares on the reporting date are shown in the > table ‘Significant measurement parameters of the KION Performance Share Plans’.
Felicitas von Bismarck Yes, thank you very much.
Page 26   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call Transcription Martin Wilkie Yes, thanks, good afternoon.
This followed on from the early repayment on October 30, 2020 of variable-rate tranches of the promissory note maturing in May 2022, which has a nominal amount of €653.5 million.
Finally, I would like to remind you that we will publish our final financial results for 2019 and our outlook for 2020 on March 3rd, 2020.
Both reports were discussed in detail in the presence of the auditors at the Supervisory Board meeting on March 2, 2022 after the auditors had presented their report in person.
Overall, the adjusted EBIT margin improved 73KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTReport on the economic positionAnnual Report 2019substantially from 8.8 per cent to 9.6 per cent.
Ltd. subsidiary manufac-tures and sells electric and IC forklift trucks and warehouse trucks.
the duration of the project, in line with the percentage of completion.
The virtual formats and online events continued as well.
There are monthly reports on the opportunity situation as part of the regular Group reporting process.
The revised strategy was adopted at the end of 2020 by the Group Executive Committee (GEC), which included the Presidents of the operating units as well as the members of the Executive Board.
As well as reporting on the financial key performance indicators defined under IFRS, the KION Group also uses alternative performance measures (APMs).
There was also income from the reversal of excess provisions that had been recognized for the capacity program; taking account of the ongoing program costs, the positive non-recurring items amounted to income of €8.2 million.
The equity-accounted carrying amount of the investment in Hans Joachim Jetschke Industriefahrzeuge (GmbH & Co.) KG immediately prior to the acquisition date came to €1.2 million.
All these factors could have a negative impact on customers’ willingness to invest and thus on demand for the KION Group’s products.
Fitch Ratings had already confirmed the short-term issuer default rating of F2 in September of the reporting year.
The objective is to improve the prospects and representation of these often under-represented groups.
So there is some global economic and macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty out there, and the interest rates are certainly higher, and people are taking longer time to make decisions and to start new projects going.
I particularly like the numbers on the world level.
In all material respects, this combined management report is con-sistent with the consolidated financial statements, complies with German legal requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development.
Counterbalance trucks in the fast-growing value segment are to be manufactured here.
The amount of the pension depends on employees’ length of service and final salary.
Depending on requirements and the market situation, the KION Group will also avail itself of the funding facilities offered by the public capital markets in future.
B. Performance-related remuneration1) One-year variable remuneration (short-term incentive)The one-year variable remuneration is a remuneration compo-nent linked to the profitability and productivity of the KION Group in the relevant financial year.
Supervisory BoardThe Supervisory Board, which was formed in accordance with the German Codetermination Act (MitbestG), comprises 16 people.
[52] Information on preparation and approval The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG prepared the consolidated financial statements on  February 22, 2022 and approved them for forwarding to the Supervisory Board.
The relevance of the action fields for the individual operating units is determined by their specific materiality analyses.
Unionised employees receive pension entitlements on the basis of fixed amounts for each month of service.
We’ll come back to you after we’ve reached that milestone and talk about increasing it.
Net realizable value is the selling price that can be realized less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated necessary selling costs.
Monthly checklists have been drawn up for the consoli-dation process and are worked through in a standardised manner.
We’re working hard to deliver those, and we’ll be talking to you and updating you on our progress as we go through the course of this year.
In doing so, it follows a well-balanced risk strategy that is conditional upon it always being able to secure external funding.
And I’m sorry for trying to make three questions.
The remuneration of the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG is determined in accordance with the requirements of the German Stock Corporation Act and the DCGK and is focused on the Company’s long-term growth.
In November, Linde launched the second generation of the Linde R-MATIC reach truck.
It sets out guidance on correct conduct with each other as well as with customers, business partners, and the public.
Key components in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment include internal combustion engines, tires, and high-performance forged and electronic parts.
The latter was also the result of a reduction in variable remuneration on the basis of expected target achievement for 2020.
Contract liabilities Contract liabilities increased to €854.8 million (December 31, 2020: €550.8 million), mainly as a result of prepayments from customers in connection with the long-term project business in the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
There were also regular discussions between the chairman of the Audit Committee and those responsible for internal audit and corporate compliance in the Company.
As the shares in the Company are bearer shares, the Company only learns about changes to the size of shareholdings if these changes are subject to report pursuant to the WpHG or other regulations.
Two indicators were established for the ITS segment that provide information on particularly high-value safety features that can be selected by the customer at product level (Table 8).
This feature was integrated into the Dematic Multi Shuttle 2 E in 2020 as well as in the stationary sector.
In adopting this principle, the KION Group pursues ambitious targets.
Moreover, significant disruptions to supply chains over the course of the year took their toll on manufacturing.
In some cases, the KION Group retains insignificant rights and obligations in connection with fully derecognized financial assets, primarily the provision of  limited reserves for defaults.
This is especially important given that Weichai Power Co., Ltd., Weifang, People’s Republic of China, indirectly holds a stake of 45.2 percent in KION GROUP AG.
The modified closing-rate method is used for currency translation.
In addition, the minutes of the committee meetings are distributed to the other members of the Supervisory Board for information purposes once the committee mem-bers have approved them.
The Group companies also collaborate closely on areas such as talent management and training & development programs.
Revenue for the project business-related customer contracts is recognised in line with the corresponding period unless there is an alternative possibility of use and right to payment of the services already rendered.
6a HGB came to €12.5 million (2021: €19.6 million).
Such a notification is always required as soon as the value of the purchase and/or sale transactions of the individual member exceeds the sum of €20 thousand within a calendar year.
And you've mentioned that there was different opinions on strategy.
Pallejá  Spain  EMEA  100.00%  46   81  Linde Material Handling Italia S.p.A.  Buguggiate  Italy  EMEA  100.00%  78   82  Linde Material Handling Parts Distribution CZ s.r.o.
For the first and second management levels below the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG, the Executive Board set the targets to be achieved by the end of 2021 at 10 percent and 30 percent respectively.
Regular communications via the KION intranet played an important role alongside the local measures in 2020.
The resolute and focused pursuit of our KION 2027 strategy has set the Company on the right course and will ensure that we remain very well positioned going forward.
Further objectives and initiatives are specified in and pursued through eight fields of action that address the Company’s contribution to a climate-neutral, circular economy, its product portfolio, and its employees.
The copper price was also down at year-end on the high average price of the prior year.
We are currently building a new plant here for the Supply Chain Solutions segment right next door to our existing plant for forklift trucks.
The measures had already begun to take effect by the fourth quarter of 2022.
Project business contracts with a net debit balance due to customers are reported under contract liabilities, as are advances received from customers.
Procurement markets Year-on-year price trends for the commodities used by the KION Group were mixed in 2020.
One prominent example is the announcement that the Company will be pursuing a growth strategy in the Chinese market involving the local development of a brand-new line of modular material handling equipment for the mid-price product segment.
In total, variable cash flows of €0.1 million (2018: €4.1 million) were hedged and designated as hedged items, all of which are cash flows expected in 2021 to 2024.
By pursuing an appropriate financial management strategy, the KION Group makes sufficient cash and cash equivalents available at all times to meet the Group compa-nies’ operational and strategic funding requirements.
Under this agenda item, the committee discusses general parameters, such as the planning horizon, the identification of required skills and qualifications, and the internal talent pool.
The Supervisory Board considers five of the eight shareholder representatives to currently be independent of the anchor investor Weichai: Hans Peter Ring, Birgit A. Behrendt, Dr. Alexander Dibelius, Dr. Nicolas Peter, and Dr. Christina Reuter.
The rise in other functional costs was mainly due to the increased volume of business and was stronger than the rate of revenue growth.
The bulk of the total revenue in this segment is generated by internal IT and logistics services.
Starting with the 2021 tranche, 20 percent of the performance share plan is now linked to ESG targets.
The 2017 Authorization has not been used so far.
The calculation draws on observable historical loss data, information on current conditions, and the economic outlook.
Rubber increased significantly in price in the second half of the year and its average for 2020 was above the corresponding figure for 2019.
537/2014; referred to subsequently as ‘EU Audit Regulation’) and in compli-ance with German Generally Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschafts-prüfer (IDW).
Gordon Riske Well, as you see recovery, you know we were hard hit last year in IC trucks and in general counterbalance trucks.
The consolidated financial statements include all of the parent company’s material subsidiaries.
Other operating expenses also includes foreign currency exchange rate losses resulting from the measurement of bank accounts and cash pools in foreign currencies.
The liabilities for financing this part of the short-term rental fleet are reported under liabilities from financial services.
Net realizable value is the selling price that can be realized less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated necessary selling costs.
The performance targets of the Group and the segments are based on selected financial indicators, as is the performance-related remuneration paid to managers.
The Executive Committee holds four regular meetings per year.
Page 10   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q3 2023 Update Call Transcription   Net working capital buildup in the quarter resulted from higher inventories relating to work in progress and lower trade payables.
Inside the vehicle, the warning is issued via the vehicle display, while an acoustic signal alerts the surroundings of the imminent danger.
Deferred taxes are recognized on the resulting temporary differences.
Contract assets, which mainly related to project business in the Supply Chain Solutions segment, increased to €172.1 million (December 31, 2019: €150.2 million).
Adjusted EBIT excluding intra-group divi-dend income amounted to minus €72.9  million (2018: minus €45.8 million).
The scope of the control activities to be carried out is dependent on the specific risks and the materiality of the respective subsidiary for the consolidated financial statements of KION GROUP AG.
The audit program continued in 2022 as a means of ensuring the ongoing systematic management of critical functions.
Christian Harm And then Gael, I take the second one on the financial expenses.
This means products always meet the highest safety standards – even if these are not explicitly required in the respective region.
Five bilateral bank loans with a total volume of €475.0 million were repaid in 2023, in some cases ahead of schedule.
Foreign-currency forwards with settlement dates in the same month as the expected cash flows from the Group’s operating activities are used as hedges.
Thanks for taking my question, and happy New Year, Ms. Growth.
The shareholders voted in favor of the motions, in each case by a large majority.
The items concerned are disclosed and explained separately in the notes.
Outside of the formal meetings, informal working sessions took place to prepare for upcoming resolutions and related complex issues, such as remuneration.
I would say that’s out 6 months.
A default is defined as the occurrence of a loss event, such as a borrower being in considerable finan-cial difficulties or a contract being breached.
Deferred tax assets are offset against deferred tax liabilities to the extent that they relate to the same taxation authority and there is an intention to settle them on a net basis.
Further information on goodwill can be found in note [16].
In cases where entitlements are not securities-linked, some of the KION Group’s pension obligations in Germany under closed plans are financed by way of CTAs.
No part of this Presentation, nor the fact of its distribution, should form the basis of, or be relied on by any person in connection with, any contract or commitment or investment decision whatsoever.
Renewable energy is calculated as sum of fuels from renewable sources (e.g.
We’ve not yet seen fully the impact yet, and we expect we’ll see that in the months to come.
As a result, STILL now has one of the most up-to-date and efficient counterbalance truck portfolios in the EMEA region.
The ineffective portion of the hedge is also recognized in net financial income/expenses.
Anke Groth It will be a great event, of course.
Assumptions The forecasts in this section are derived from the KION Group’s multi-year market, business, and financial planning, which is based on various assumptions.
This involves detailed evaluation of the risks when defining the technical solution.
Remember, we upgraded our targets some time ago, Q2.
In addition, the CDP Climate Change score could be improved to leadership level A-.
For critical materials, the KION Group has also increased its buffer of inventories.
Digitalization has led to greater demand for networked trucks, and, for example, for fleet management systems and for products that use big data to support predictive maintenance services (Hans Böckler Foundation, February 2022).
Risk management is organized in such a way that it directly reflects the structure of the Group itself.
Can you provide more details on how exactly they work in reality?
To our shareholders  Corporate governance statement  Combined management report  Consolidated financial statements  Notes to the  consolidated financial  statements  Additional information   KION GROUP AG 159 Annual report 2020  [3] Principles of consolidation Acquisitions are accounted for using the acquisition method.
Building on their local competitive strength, rivals in emerging markets are also seeking opportunities for expansion in regions outside their local markets, particularly in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment.
For this purpose, we compared the data entries with the underlying original contracts.
Our expectation is that the market does finish down the way we described and us to finish in line with the market.
The company will con-stantly strive to reduce its CO2 emissions.
As at the end of 2021, the companies of the KION Group together held a total of 2,804 patent applications and issued patents (December 31, 2020: 2,836).
Adjusted EBIT Adjusted EBIT for the reporting period is EBIT adjusted for Company-specific purchase price allocation effects and non-recurring items.
46KION GROUP AGAnnual Report 2019COMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTFundamentals of the KION GroupNon-financial declarationA separately published sustainability report provides detailed information on the sustainable management of the KION Group.
With regard to recommendation B.3 of the 2020 Code, the Supervisory Board will determine the duration of initial appointments of members of the Executive Board on a case-by-case basis and in the Company’s best interests.
And what is now the order of magnitude of the difference between the price rises in your orders this quarter and the pricing in your revenue?
Short-term rental business is generally classified as an operating lease.
The KION Group believes that customers’ desire for ever-faster delivery times coupled with the growing shortage of skilled workers has made companies more willing to invest in the automation and digitalization of their supply chains (Forbes, October 2023).
Leases are generally linked to a service contract covering the term of the finance agreement.
Further legal risk may arise as a result of the environmental restoration of decommissioned sites, for example because of work required due to contamination.
In May 2021, the KION Group notched up an ESG score of 47 as part of the broad rating from Vigeo Eiris.
Employee commitment The KION Group’s products and services destined for its customers are produced by committed employees.
This can give rise to risks regarding component availability.
As at December 31, 2023, the guaranteed amount totaled €80.1 million (December 31, 2022: €102.8 million).
The Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG consists of 16 members, eight of whom are employee representatives and eight are shareholder representatives.
It is also conceivable that competitors will join forces and their resulting stronger position will be detrimental to the KION Group’s sales opportunities.
LMH EMEA, for example, received a gold ranking from the rating agency Ecovadis.
Taking into account the average trade tax rate of 14.9 percent, the combined nominal tax rate for entities in Germany was 30.7 percent (2022: 30.7 percent).
The incidental acquisition costs incurred in connection with the business combination amounted to €2.7 million.
Price competition is compounded by some manufacturers having cost advantages, sometimes due to the currency situation and sometimes because local labor costs are lower.
Other financial liabilities Non-current and current other financial liabilities stood at €693.7 million as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: €652.0 million).
The percentage of completion is determined based on the proportion of the contract costs that have already been incurred to the total con-tract costs estimated as at the reporting date.
We confirm the targeted €80 million to €100 million cumulated cost savings by 2023.
Our expectation this year is, also, we have a view that it’s going to be lower this year than last year.
In addition, the other information comprises the separate consolidated non-financial report, which is expected to be published subsequently on KION GROUP AG’s website by 30 April 2021.
However, KION GROUP AG has the right to satisfy each pro-gramme participant’s entitlement by paying a cash settlement instead of granting a bonus share.
Let’s move together to Page 6, and I’ll talk you through the industrial truck market and order intake.
Furthermore, financial income was reduced by changes in the fair value of interest-rate derivatives that are used to hedge the lease portfolio and are designated as part of a fair value hedge or are accounted for separately.
EmployeesHR strategyThe ultimate objective of the KION Group’s HR strategy is to provide the best possible support for the targeted implementa-tion of the KION 2027 strategy.
The determination of the criteria and parameters in these applications are subject to the executive directors’ judgement.
Driverless industrial trucks will also offer huge potential in the future.
Ultimately, however, the Supervisory Board is guided exclusively by the skills and qualifi­cations of the persons concerned when making appointments to the Executive Board.
So, we expect there will be some slowing in the second half.
If KION shares outperform the MDAX by 6.67 per cent and the ROCE targets defined each year on the basis of the budget are achieved, total target achievement will be 100 per cent.
As at 31 December 2019, the fair value of one phantom share was €40.99 for the 2018 tranche (2018: €24.25) and €50.27 for the 2019 tranche.
The reconciliation of funded status and net defined benefit obligation to the amounts reported in the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December is shown in > TABLE 081.
The KION Group mitigates this risk though a wide range of product variants made possible by modular concepts, along with good availability of services, mainly in the volume and premium segments.
The segment’s new truck business benefited from exceptionally strong customer demand that was underpinned by pent-up demand following the pandemic-related restrictions in 2020 and by orders brought forward.
As new business grew by 11.2%, service revenues increased by 5.2% in 2019.
Furthermore, as part of the iPEP product evolution process, all new development projects in the ITS segment are reviewed for potential improvements, taking into account experience from previous projects.
The age structure of financial liabilities is reviewed and optimized continually.
The KION Group remains committed to introducing new programs targeted at specific groups and to offering its employees interesting career opportunities and flexible, family-friendly working-time models.
Jorge González Sadornil Thank you very much, Rob.
Manual and automated solutions are provided for all functions along customers’ supply chains, from goods inward and Multishuttle warehouse systems through to order picking.
Organization and management The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG is responsible for the strategic and operational manage-ment of the KION Group.
Where there is a range of possible outcomes and each individual point within the range has an equal probability of occurring, the provision is recognized in the amount of the mean of the individual points.
New AMRs designed for use in warehouses and factories were added to the portfolio of automation solutions last year.
The cost of finished goods and work in progress includes direct costs and an appro-priate portion of the material and production overheads and production-related depreciation directly attributable to the pro-duction process.
At €2,009.0 million, the KION Group’s net working capital as at the end of 2023 was comparable to the level a year earlier (December 31, 2022: €2,050.2 million).
In May 2021, Standard & Poor’s initially confirmed its issuer rating of BB+ and raised the outlook from stable to positive.
Transcripts from the conference calls for the 2022 annual results and 2023 quarterly results, along with the associated presentations, form part of the extensive information for analysts and investors that is available on the Company’s website.
Overall assessment of the economic situation The Executive Board of the KION Group can look back on a very encouraging 2023.
Those are one element of the many inflationary levers that are out in the environment right now.
A prime example is the latest innovation from our automation specialist Dematic.
The auditor that had been engaged to audit the consolidated financial statements in 2022 was Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft.
That would be the single biggest one that affects us.
The hedge ratio, which is derived from the volume of hedged items and the hedging instruments used, is 1:1.
The total remuneration paid to former members of the Exec-utive Board in 2019 amounted to €0.3 million (2018: €0.3 million).
Serious accidents are reported within one working day (Serious Incident Report, SIR) and a detailed report is drawn up.
So, the real strong drivers for automation are very much intact, and we expect that -- and the pipeline, as I described, is a good robust pipeline.
This still presents a barrier to growth for some of these manufacturers, but the bar is getting lower.
These highlighted our joint offering from SCS and ITS and how we give customers a full range of intralogistics solutions.
After taking into account non-recurring items and purchase price allocation effects, EBIT came to €176.0 million (2019: €129.6 million).
Initially limited to Germany, the program was then rolled out to more countries.
As a global leader in intralogistics, we’ll benefit from the structural growth in our attractive end markets.
AssumptionsThe forecasts in this section are derived from the KION Group’s multiple-year market, business and financial planning, which is based on various assumptions.
In 2022, like in the previous year, one in six forklift trucks sold in the company’s ITS segment was an item of used equipment.
The new credit facility, which is also intended to improve funding conditions, has a term of five years that can be extended by up to two years with the consent of the syndicate of banks.
However, we made sure that all contract types were subject to our examination.
Moreover, the risk of a change in the fair value of a fixed-rate tranche of the promissory note that was issued in 2018 is hedged using an interest-rate swap, thereby creating a EURIBOR-based variable-rate obligation.
36KION GROUP AGAnnual Report 2019CORPORATE GOVERNANCECorporate governance reportThe rules of procedure laid down by the Supervisory Board define the areas of responsibility of the Executive Board members and the way in which they work together.
As a rule, the external financing of the Group’s activities is handled by KION GROUP AG.
To achieve its very ambitious goals, the Company needs an experienced and successful officer in the region who is familiar with its day-to-day business and its strengths and weaknesses and who is able to imple-ment the strategic path that has been laid out.
The fair value of other financial investments was determined using prices quoted in an active market and other observable inputs.
Otherwise, the executive directors are responsible for the other information.
In the APAC region, the second quarter was down 9%, impacted by the corona pandemic.
Default riskIn certain operating and finance activities, the KION Group is sub-ject to credit risk, i.e.
The industrial truck recognized as a leased asset is carried at cost, while the lease receivable is recognized at an amount equal to the net investment in the lease.
Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
As part of the capital increase in May 2017, 9.3 million new shares were issued on the basis of the 2017 Authorised Capital.
For 2024, in terms of gross risk value, competition risks continue to be regarded as having a low level of risk and a medium probability of occurrence.
In the direct lease business, industrial trucks with a carrying amount of €1,022.
Another key milestone in  product development was the migration of the fleet management solutions of Linde and STILL and of Dematic’s InSight asset performance management (APM) platform to the Company’s own cloud.
In the prior year, this item included a sum of €2.3 million for contingent liabilities assumed jointly with another shareholder of a joint venture.
Targets achieved despite difficult conditionsThe KION Group proved to be a reliable performer yet again in 2019.
Under UK law, the board of trustees is obliged to have a  valuation of the plan carried out at least every three years.
At KION Group, we believe this is primarily because of the fundamental growth drivers that still remain in place, particularly the fragmentation of value chains and consumers' increasing preference for ecommerce.
Other property, plant and equipment also included right-of-use assets related to procurement leases, which rose to €589.2 million as at the end of 2023 (December 31, 2022: €543.5 million).
In the new truck business, the decline in the number of units sold was partly offset by price increases.
The first bond was placed on the capital markets under this program in 2020 and had a nominal amount of €500.0 million, a maturity date in 2025, and a coupon of 1.625 percent.
The cost of sales, conversely, fell by 4.0 percent year on year to €8,652.5 million, as the figure for 2022 had been affected by sharp increases in costs for materials, energy, and logistics.
At the customer’s request, fuel cells can also be integrated into LMH EMEA and STILL EMEA’s industrial trucks.
Both the long-term variable re-muneration and the short-term variable remuneration of the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG and the KION Group management are linked to non-financial targets from core areas of the sustain-ability strategy.
In future, the Executive Board will assume the responsibilities of the GEC.
These can be accessed in English from the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the company (www.weichaipower.com).
For this reason, when defining the lease term, the KION Group takes into consideration all facts and circumstances that offer an economic incentive to exercise extension options or to not exercise termination options.
Pursuant to IFRS, these assets are not amortized and their measurement depends, above all, on expectations about the future financial performance of the KION Group.
Where a contract includes multiple distinct goods or services, the transaction price is allocated to the performance obligations on the basis of the relative selling prices.
No concerns were raised as a result of the Supervisory Board’s review of the report.
Current interest payments decreased from €42.9 million in 2018 to €36.7 million in 2019 due to a year-on-year fall in average net debt.
That is why all KION companies aim to ensure a high level of employee commit-ment.
Hedge accounting Derivative financial instruments that are part of a formally documented hedge with a hedged item are not assigned to any of the IFRS 9 measurement categories and are therefore recognized in accordance with the hedge accounting rules described below.
That is why all KION companies aim to ensure a high level of employee commitment.
To further promote equality of opportunity for women, the KION Group has been a member of the initiative “Chefsache.
If there are certain indications of impairment of the property, plant and equipment, the assets are tested for impairment by comparing the residual carrying amount of the assets with their recoverable amount.
It is expected that the bulk of the cash payments for the other obligations will be incurred within the next two years after the reporting date.
Pension expenses essentially comprised the pension entitle-ments of €52.9 million vested in 2020 (2019: €41.5 million).
Like do you need to have down payment before you book, or that can come after you booking the order?
The recognition and measurement of other provisions are based on an estimate of the probability of the future outflow of resources, supplemented by past experience and the circumstances known to the Group at the reporting date.
with a combination of video conferencing and attendance in person.
Depreciation of property, plant, and equipment is recognized on a straight-line basis and reported under functional costs.
Any goodwill arising from the acquisition of an associate or joint venture is included in the carrying amount of the investment in the associate or joint venture.
And those leasing contracts are also -- when a new truck goes out on a leasing contract, it comes with a service contract.
Both are experienced executives with a proven track record in their areas of responsibility and a compelling vision for the future of our Company.
Contact information for reporting can be found in the compliance department’s section on the KION Group’s website.
The accounting guidelines primarily explain the financial reporting principles specific to the KION Group’s business.
So does that mean you wouldn’t commit to that typical seasonality at this time, at this stage at least?
In combination with the Group-wide HSE risk assessment, this will provide a comprehensive picture of the HSE risks and the relevant risk management measures in place at the sites.
> TABLE 036In 2019, no company in the KION Group paid or granted any remuneration or other benefits to members of the Supervisory Board for services provided as individuals, such as consulting or brokerage activities.
either directly or by way of intermediate benefit arrangements.
The KION Group also bears the full risk of possible future pension adjustments resulting from changes in longevity and inflation.
Losses are possible because a successful cyberattack can result not only in financial losses and liability risk but also reputational damage.
After Dr John Feldmann stepped down as a shareholder representative on the Supervisory Board and thus as its chairman, the Supervisory Board elected me as its new chair-man during its constitutive meeting on 9 May 2019.
The first bond under this program, which had a total volume of €500.0 million and a term of five years, was placed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in September 2020.
The eight employee representatives are elected by the employees in accordance with the German Codetermination Act.
The capital increase was entered in the commercial reg-ister on December 7, 2020.
The target range for adjusted EBIT is €770.0 mil-lion to €850.0 million.
This can be explained by the proportionately smaller decrease in capital employed at the end of 2020 than the decrease in earnings.
Since 2021, the KION Group has been using amortizing interest-rate swaps to hedge the fair value of certain lease receivables at portfolio level in accordance with IAS 39.
The vast majority of the Group companies participate in KION GROUP AG’s groupwide cash pool.
Some are Company-specific adjustments of certain financial KPIs, for example the adjustment of financial KPIs for non-recurring items.
Further capital expenditure projects were launched in connection with the targets defined in the KION 2027 strategy.
The 2020 Authorized Capital became effective when the corresponding change to the articles of association was entered in the commercial register at the Frankfurt am Main local court (HRB 112163) on August 5, 2020.
Pursuant to section 315e (1) HGB, the consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
Contract assets mainly related to project busi-ness in the Supply Chain Solutions segment and, at €150.2 mil-lion, were also higher than at the end of the previous year (2018: €119.3 million).
During Supply Chain Day, the KION Group teamed up with the German Logistics Association (BVL) and its brand companies Linde Material Handling, STILL, and Dematic to provide virtual insights into warehouse logistics processes.
How big can that be for the IT&S division?
The order book was still well filled, however.
[26] Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents break down as follows:      The change in cash and cash equivalents is shown in the > table ‘Consolidated statement of cash flows’.
The previous credit facility, whose term was due to end in February 2023 and which had a volume of €1,150.0 million, was terminated at the same time.
Group Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the ESEF Documents Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ESEF documents are free from material intentional or unintentional non-compliance with the requirements of Section 328 (1) HGB.
This is due in large part to the growth in the volume of new truck business and the rise in the contribution from the service business compared to the past.
Non-financial risks that arise on an ongoing basis are screened, evaluated, and managed.
In addition, KION continued to focus on developing and enhancing energy-efficient solutions in the reporting year.
2.2 Accounting-related internal control systemFor its accounting process, the KION Group has defined suitable structures and processes as part of its internal control and risk management system and implemented them throughout the Group.
We are on the right track, as can be seen from the high level of order intake in our Supply Chain Solutions segment, for example.
In the event of temporary incapacity for a further six months, the Executive Board member will receive 80 per cent of his fixed salary, but only up to a point at which the service contract is terminated.
Let’s get started with the Q&A.
As part of the digitalisation of internal processes, the fleet management solutions from STILL (neXXt fleet) and Linde (con-nect:desk) and Dematic’s iQ InSights asset performance man-agement platform were migrated to the corporate cloud.
Goodwill and brand names with an indefinite useful life represented 27.6 percent of total assets as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: 28.3 percent).
Net financial income fell by €14.7 million to €337.5 million in 2022 (2021: €352.2 million).
In 2021, Dematic enhanced its end-to-end warehouse automation solutions and implemented them for its customers, which included an international retail chain.
In addition, the KION Group uses amortizing payer interest-rate swaps in the same currency to hedge the risk of a change in the fair value of certain lease receivables.
Personnel changes on the Supervisory BoardOn 9 May 2019, there was a change at the helm of the Supervisory Board.
The cost of internally generated machinery and equipment includes all costs directly attributable to the production process and an appropriate portion of production overheads.
Reduction of greenhouse gas emissions in products and solutions The KION Group products and solutions are an essential part of its customers’ value chain and directly impact their sustainability ambitions.
The position of Chief Financial Officer / Labor Relations Director was vacant until the end of the reporting period; the Company's Chief Executive Officer carried out the relevant duties on an interim basis.
The amounts previously recognised in the hedge reserve are subsequently reclassified to the income statement when the gain or loss on the corresponding hedged item is rec-ognised.
And then the internal combustion and the E-trucks are both counterbalanced.
Overall, the reduction in post-employment benefit costs and other benefits was mainly due to the change in the pension benefit conditions in Germany, which resulted in unrecognized past service income of €32.7 million.
 KION GROUP AG  Q1 2022 Update Call  Conference Call Transcript  28.04.2022  15:00 CET   Speakers:  Rob Smith (CEO)    Disclaimer: This document has been prepared by KION GROUP AG (the “Company”) solely for informational purposes.
AktG must not exceed 10 percent of the share capital at any time.
Order intake was up 10% year-on-year to €2.9 billion and contracted sequentially from a record high in the fourth quarter of ‘21.
In 2021, one of the six Executive Board members was female (Ms. Anke Groth).
All STILL trucks and equipment are supported by digital control, safety and assistance systems.
The rise in segment rev-enue was driven both by the project business (business solutions) and by the service business, which reported revenue growth of 17.6 per cent and 10.7 per cent respectively.
As well as direct costs, these also include relevant overheads.
In addition, Group companies had drawn down bank loans of €129.7 million (December 31, 2021: €104.0 million).
In particular, KION Group Code of Compli-ance serves as a Group-wide guideline in that respect.
The fair value on the grant date was determined on the basis of Monte Carlo simulation.
The amounts that had been recognized as an expense were €2.2 million for the audit of the financial statements, €0.4 million for other attestation services, €0.0 million for tax consultancy services, and €0.0 million for other services.
But they are also having a part of the overall decrease in margin.
Equally, the inclusion of sustainability principles in the Group-wide KION Group Code of Compliance means they shape the actions of every individual in the company.
Last year, KION subsidiary Linde Material Handling GmbH unveiled its new generation of electric forklift truck models (Linde X20–X35) with a load capacity of 2.5 to 3 tonnes, whose power output is comparable with trucks driven by internal combustion engines.
Some are Company-specific adjustments of certain financial KPIs, for example the adjustment of financial KPIs for non-recurring items.
The amount of the net obligation is also particularly affected by the discount rates, and the low level of interest rates – especially in the eurozone – is resulting in a comparatively large net obligation.
The results provide insight into the sustainability performance of the KION Group's suppliers worldwide, with the aim of providing a central information system for all sites.
Rob Smith Will, I’d refer you to a very appropriate article that was in Handelsblatt day before yesterday that talked about repricing measures in this unprecedented environment.
Please bear in mind today is the 17th of January.
In the reporting year, 41,061 participants received a total of over 33,000 online and face-to-face training hours on compliance, primarily on anti-corruption, handling of conflicts of interest and compliance for management.
The path to climate neutrality and circular economy criteria therefore play an increas-ing role in supplier selection and procurement decisions.
The Supervisory Board was always fully involved in major decisions affecting the Company from an early stage.
And over time, we do expect these things all to come back.
These measurements are based, for example, on estimates of future cash flows, expected growth rates, exchange rates, discount rates, and useful lives.
STILL also won an IFOY award (International Intralogistics and Forklift Truck of the Year) in the integrated warehouse solution category in 2021.
Shaping the future of supply chains globally KION Group continues to develop its leading position in the intralogistics industry.
The fair value of interest-rate swaps was calculated as the present value of the future cash flows.
As a rule, the external financing of the Group’s activities is handled by KION GROUP AG.
Page 17   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2022 Update Call Transcription Last year did finish in line with our expectations.
The report thus covers all consolidated companies based in 37 countries and with around 400 locations.
Page 38   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q2 2022 Update Call Transcription   So thanks for your time.
In the medium term, new barriers to trade could significantly hamper sales channels and lead to renewed disruption to global supply chains that would have a knock-on effect on production.
So let’s see how it develops, and we’ll be giving you some good views on next year on the end of February.
The Supply Chain Solutions segment is also driving the scalability of products and solutions by refining its subsystems and standard modules.
So I was wondering if you had concerns over site access to be able to access projects, just to understand what would drive your lower end of the range if it were to happen.
The gross risk level of the risks arising from the customer project business was raised from medium to high.
Even the mere appearance of such a conflict of interest must be avoided.
Third party industry publications, studies and surveys generally state that the data contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but that there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of such data.
In North America, in the Q4 2019, we had minus 0.4%, nearly reached prior-year level.
The following tables show the assignment of fair values to the individual levels as defined by IFRS 13 for financial instruments measured at fair value.
Page 7   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q3 2021 Update Call Transcription  However, as you know, higher raw material expenses and tight supply chains and, with that, inefficiencies in production remained a challenge in Q3.
Rob Smith Well, Sven, our products and solutions make a fundamental contribution to our customers’ ability to compete successfully and are right in the middle of the heart of their operations.
To help increase the proportion of management positions occupied by women, the Executive Board has set targets that are published in the corporate governance statement.
An external consultancy assists the Executive Committee with long-term succession planning where required.
These determinations were last reviewed and adjusted in February 2022.
In addition, we examined the accuracy of the Company's previous forecasts by comparing the cost estimates for contracts already completed with the costs actually incurred for these contracts and analysed deviations.
There is a dedicated supply chain sustainability team within central purchasing department that or-ganizes the sustainability strategy holistically and the work plan across the categories.
At the meetings, the board members discuss measures and business that, under the Executive Board’s rules of procedure, must be approved by the full Executive Board.
And higher discount rates had a positive impact on our pension liabilities, which further reduced to €767 million at the end of the second quarter.
And we’re working this in a very agile approach, recognizing, though, that with €3.2 billion of backlog, trucks that we’re taking orders for now will be produced in the next 6 to 14 months.
In addition, the consideration received that exceeds the amount that is expected to be paid when the industrial truck is returned is initially treated as deferred income and the revenue is subsequently recognized in installments over the term of the lease.
I would expect that our EBIT in absolute terms is slightly affected as well as the margin.
This approach also minimises the environmental impact of goods in transit.
We have 10 part numbers where we don't have full confirmation, but we have all mitigation efforts.
In addition to a clearly defined compe-tency model and leadership principles, the process is based on the shared KION Group values of Integrity, Collaboration, Courage and Excellence.
Less favorable interest terms may be imposed if the level of leverage is increased significantly.
The report contains information on all legal transactions and activities conducted in the reporting year between KION GROUP AG and Weichai Power Co., Ltd., as well as their subsidiaries, and on any requirement to compensate for disadvantages that have arisen.
However, inventories of materials and supplies – particularly steel and electronics – were increased in order to counter procurement risks.
Between meetings of the Supervisory Board and between those of its committees, the chairmen of the Supervisory Board and Audit Committee remained in close contact at all times with the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.
Is it related to kind of equipment, and so service demand is related to the equipment side?
Rob Smith Can you hear me now, Martin?
And based on its revenue in 2021, it is the world’s second-largest supplier.
As differences due to remeasurements are taken to other comprehensive income, any change in these assumptions would not affect the net profit for the current period.
Section 179 (1) sentence 1 AktG requires that amendments to the articles of association be passed by resolution of the Annual General Meeting.
In organisational terms, the compliance department reports to the Chief Financial Officer and is headed up by the Chief Compliance Officer.
An comprehensive service offering represents a competitive advantage, not only in the premium segment but also in the volume and economy segments.
Product types in the load capacity range of 2–2.5 tonnes, which constitute the bulk of the volume segment, were launched onto the market in 2022.
Subsequently, the carrying amount of the equity investment is adjusted in line with any changes to the KION Group’s interest in the net assets of the investee.
These equity investments, which have been assigned to the FVOCI category under IFRS 9 owing to the strategic partnerships with the companies, are recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income without recycling to profit or loss upon disposal.
Moreover, material risks are discussed with the Operating Units at the business review meetings.
These result mainly from fluctuations in exchange rates in connection with future cash flows, both revenue and costs, that are denominated in foreign currencies.
On this basis, the total remuneration of the members of the Executive Board pursuant to section 314 (1) no.
And so with that uncertainty, we shall come back with guidance for the rest of the year later on in the year as that uncertainty alleviates over time and we have a good strong view of where we’re going to land.
The loans mature in 2023, 2024, and 2026.
The capital increase was also a strong sign of the support that our Company has from its shareholders, particularly our anchor investor Weichai Power.
1)  Essential features of the Executive Board remuneration system The Supervisory Board based the level of remuneration for the members of our Executive Board on benchmark analyses of executive board pay in the MDAX.
The Executive Board and Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG have a close and trusting working relationship focused on ensuring the sustained success of the Company.
Just following on, on the investments comment, perhaps you can just help us quantify how 2020 investment at the group level is going to differ to 2019 so we can just understand the expected ramp up there.
That is something that we see as well, and that’s one of the main drivers.
The actual amount of taxable income in future periods – and hence the actual utilization of tax loss carryforwards and interest carryforwards – may be different from the estimates made when the corresponding deferred tax assets were recognized.
Its chairman is always the chairman of the Supervisory Board.
There are also individual orders for repairs and maintenance work as well as for spare parts.
Of this amount, €3.7 million related to the 2017 tranche (2018: €2.4  million), €4.4  million to the 2018 tranche (2018: €1.4 million) and €4.4 million to the 2019 tranche.
Inputs to the system are managed and assessed by the compliance organi-zation and ultimately the Compliance Committee, which includes the chief compliance officer, HR, Audit and Legal.
At the end of the performance period, the preliminary number of performance shares is adjusted depending on achievement of the two targets (relative TSR and ROCE) to give the final number of performance shares.
Its term ends in October 2026 and can be extended by up to two years with the consent of the syndicate of banks.
For purposes of the valuation allowance, average loss rates on a collective basis are used to determine the expected lifetime losses.
Stakeholder dialogue                                 102-13, 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44The KION Group and its operating units are in regular dialogue with a wide range of stakeholder groups, either directly, via surveys or at events (Table 4).
You are all invited to attend our Virtual Analyst and Investor Event, which will take place on November 3rd, 2021, at 2:30 p.m. CET.
It is available on kiongroup.com under Investor Relations in the Publications section.
In addition, six resolutions were adopted in writing.
We’re working hard together, and it’s going well.
If events or changes in circumstances make it necessary to reclassify financial instruments to a different level, this is done at the end of a reporting period.
With these important leadership successions, KION is well-positioned to drive our profitable growth strategy going forward.
Recruitment is becoming increasingly challenging, especially given the high growth rates in the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
Including these effects, EBIT grew by 5.8 per cent to €661.7 million (2018: €625.2 million).
And you’ve been talking to hesitance, customers making investment decisions for some time now.
These treasury shares are not dividend-bearing and do not confer any voting rights.
And on Page 6, I talk you through the financial update for KION as a whole.
Around 100.4 million of the approximately 118.1 million voting shares were represented, equating to around 85 percent of the share capital.
LainateItaly24100.00%100.00%166 WHO Real Estate UABVilniusLithuania2774.00%74.00%167 Linde Material Handling (Malaysia) Sdn.
It is also included in sustainability indices, namely the FTSE4Good Index Series, STOXX Europe Sustainability, and DAX 50 ESG.
The KION Group therefore seeks to implement proactive risk management by rigorously pursuing its corporate strategy and to maintain an investment- grade credit rating in the capital and funding markets by ensuring a solid funding structure.
In 2022, total income of €22.1 million for twelve months was recognized for share-based remuneration (2021: total expense of €40.5 million).
As contractually agreed, this calculation is currently suspended in respect of the revolving credit facility entered into in 2021 because KION GROUP AG has two investment-grade credit ratings.
The fixed annual salary is paid at the end of each month in twelve equal installments, the last payment being made for the full month in which the Executive Board service contract ends.
Actual business performance may deviate from the KION Group’s forecasts due, among other factors, to the opportunities and risks described here.
And we’ll continue to come back and report to you how it’s going.
7 Service cost in accordance with IFRS (the service cost in accordance with the HGB is shown in table 035).
The ineffective portion of the changes in fair value is recognized immediately in the income statement.
This helps to systematically identify and support staff across the Group who have potential, who are high performers, or who are experts in key functions.
Secondly, access to highly skilled workers helps to lay the foundations for future profitable growth.
DAI has significantly expanded KION subsidiary Dematic’s portfolio of digital offerings that support the transportation, storage, and distribution of goods.
The ongoing expansion of the Supply Chain Solutions market and a stabilization of the global market for industrial trucks are primed to be engines of growth.
On October 7, 2022, the KION share price therefore slumped to a low for the year of €18.66 over the course of the day.
Various local networks have also been established in which women can forge contacts and share information.
Our responsibilities under those requirements and principles are further described in the “Auditor’s Re-sponsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and of the Combined Manage-ment Report” section of our auditor’s report.
And your expectation is, you would use the production slot to start the machine if you feel like you can finish it in a reasonable period of time and deliver that.
All of the current Supervisory Board members meet these requirements.
With revenues just over €2 billion, we reached a new quarterly record level.
With the exception of income and expenses recognized as other comprehensive income, equity is translated at historical rates.
And on the truck side, the acquisition cost of a new truck is only 13% of the overall total cost of ownership.
What I’d also point out to you, Sebastian, is e-commerce, yes, there’s a pure-play vertical, but e-commerce has a very important part of just about every other industrial vertical out there right now as well.
b) In the scope of our audit, we deepened our knowledge of the processes concerning the project business including our understanding of the corresponding internal controls of the Group.
In July 2023, the KION Group committed to achieving the "Net Zero" pledge of the Science-Based Targets Initiative (SBTi).
You asked about pricing, and what’s the pricing -- what’s the market demand reflection after having indeed put pricing up twice this year.
At €850.5 mil-lion, adjusted EBIT was in the top half of the target range (€805  million to €875  million).
It’s what I said as our order pipeline or our project pipeline is very robust, and it’s better than it was end of last year.
As I said, that was 80 critical parts that have now worked down to 10 critical parts.
This also allows sustainability requirements for products to be taken into account much more effec-tively.
Some of the products in the multi-brand portfolio are built on a modular platform for diesel and electric forklift trucks to ensure a high standard of quality at competitive costs.
It has an oversight function and advises the Executive Board on its handling of significant matters and business transactions.
The KION compliance department, the KION compliance team, and the KION compliance committee provide operational support to the aforementioned functions.
The individual companies cannot assume with any degree of certainty that they will win any of the lawsuits or that the existing risk provision in the form of insurance or provisions will be sufficient in each individual case.
The total carrying amount for liabilities in connection with share-based remuneration was €16.2 million as at December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020: €5.2 million).
The same goes for our customers and our suppliers, our other business partners, and ultimately our shareholders.
It manages the KION  compliance team, in which local and regional compliance officers of the Group are represented.
Details of the new 2024 remuneration system will be published on the KION Group’s website (www.kiongroup.com/en/Investor-Relations/Shareholders-Meeting) as part of the preparations for the 2024 Annual General Meeting and will be made available to shareholders ahead of the meeting.
Other obligations included provisions for risks arising from lease business, for waste disposal and recycling obligations, and for litigation.
The expertise area 'in-depth understanding of the markets in Asia' has been made more specific, and such expertise is now required to include an in-depth understanding of the Chinese market.
The agreed financial covenant involves ongoing testing of adherence to a maximum level of leverage (defined as the ratio of industrial net operating debt (INOD) to adjusted EBITDA).
Customers now have a much wider choice and therefore the added option of making appropriate and efficient use of batteries.
Upon initial recognition, financial liabilities in the AC category are carried at fair value, including any directly attributable transaction costs.
Revenue generated from external customers in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment advanced by 15.3 percent to €8,464.2 million (2022: €7,344.2 million) as a result of higher production output.
That will benefit our business, and that makes us more resilient in volatile times.
Other changes in the equity of associates and joint ventures are recognized in other comprehensive income in the consolidated financial statements in proportion to the Group’s interest in the associate or joint venture.
Extensive training measures on compliance issues NfR: Anti-corruption and bribery matters All new employees at KION Group are required to complete an e-learning course that covers all aspects of the KION Group Code of Compliance.
Defined benefit plansThe KION Group currently grants pensions to almost all employ-ees in Germany and a number of foreign employees.
In addition, eight associates (December 31, 2022: seven) and three joint ventures (December 31, 2022: three) were consolidated and accounted for using the equity method as at December 31, 2023.
The KION Group mitigates the risks by continually monitoring supply chains, the availability of materials, and suppliers’ ability to fulfill orders.
Two further efficient trucks – the EXH-S and the EXD-S – have since been introduced in the warehouse technology equipment segment, while the ECH 15, a low-platform truck with an integrated lithium-ion battery, is now also available to customers.
So we’re watching this very carefully, and it’s part of our objective of returning to guidance as the uncertainty disperses over the course of the year.
I guess, I’m wondering whether you Page 24   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call Transcription see any risk of a repeat of that scenario, in which case KION’s margins could fall further than peers.
And we’ll talk about our own guidance for ’24 as we get to this time next year.
Much of the additional volume in the market for new industrial trucks is attributable to the electrification of manual hand pallet trucks, which are being replaced by entry-level electric trucks in the lower weight categories.
Marcus A. Wassenberg was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the KION GROUP AG with effect from January 1, 2023.
This may lead to reallocation of the budgets earmarked for the realisa-tion of opportunities.
Expected business situation and financial performance of the KION Group In 2022, the KION Group took decisive steps in both operating segments in order to enhance the long-term resilience of its business model.
In 2023, the existing risk catalog was revised in respect of sustainability-related risks and adapted in line with current ESG risks.
Our audit firm has applied the Quality Assurance Standard: Quality Assurance Requirements in Audit Practices (IDW QS 1) promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (IDW).
So, there is also the volume piece to that expense.
A multi-stage approval process based on an extensive list of criteria is intended to ensure that technological, financial, country-specific, currency-specific, and contractual risks are mitigated to the greatest extent possible.
The lower effective tax rate in 2018 had primarily been due to the pos-itive impact of an amendment to tax law in Germany (section 8c of the German Corporation Tax Act (KStG)).
[37] Other liabilities Other liabilities comprised the following items:   Deferred income included deferred revenue of €168.5 million (December 31, 2022: €189.0 million) resulting from the indirect sales lease business.
The KION Group’s obligations under its current corporate policy include taking comprehensive precautions to create a safe working environment and ensuring employees know how to avoid risks and accidents.
In the reporting period, to increase the efficiency of its work, the Supervisory Board was supported by five standing committees (Nomination Committee, Executive Committee, Audit Committee, Mediation Committee, and Remuneration Committee).
The analysis has already been completed for 94 percent of all KION subsidiaries, and no significant risks of corruption have been identified.
The main components of the cost of sales are cost of materials, personnel expenses, depreciation expenses on property, plant and equipment and amortization expenses on intangible assets in connection with purchase price allocations, and amortization expenses on capitalized development costs.
Corporate Services Corporate Services comprises holding companies and other service companies that provide services such as IT, and general administration across all segments.
The IMF predicts growth of 4.3 percent for the developed economies in 2021.
And maybe if you can talk about whether you expect more orders to come in first half versus second half and also potential risk from customers might be delaying their plan if this coronavirus-related uncertainty increase, particularly in Western markets.
The identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are measured at their fair value.
The rise in other income was predominantly due to the increase in foreign currency exchange rate gains.
Reputational risks are secondary risks that can arise from legal risks as well as other types of risk.
KION GROUP AG makes further information available at the Annual General Meeting, during regular conference calls for analysts and investors, in press releases, on the Company's website, and on social media.
Supply Chain SolutionsThe Supply Chain Solutions segment, with its Dematic Operating Unit, is a strategic partner to customers in a variety of industries, supplying them with integrated technology and software solu-tions with which to optimise their supply chains.
And for SCS, we always said we will be at the upper end of our guidance range.
To increase transparency, the main elements are identified by the symbol  and the rele-vant NfR information.
The Supervisory Board was involved in every key step of the realization of these fundamental initiatives for the future of the Company.
The Supply Chain Solutions segment comprises the Dematic brand.
If the payments received from the customer exceed the revenue recognized, the excess is recognized as a contract liability.
Furthermore, the KION Group cannot guarantee that future per-formance and actual profits generated will be consistent with the stated assumptions and estimates and can accept no liability in this regard.
Depending on a business partner’s risk profile, either a basic review or a multi-stage due diligence review takes place.
So do you see actually Page 17   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call Transcription competitors following on your price increases?
Free cash flow Free cash flow for the reporting period is the sum of cash flow from operating activities and cash flow from investing activities.
What’s important is we’ve given ourselves protection against inflationary pressures, like we saw last year on a go-forward basis.
Cus-tomers’ decisions on whether to invest depend to a large degree on the macroeconomic situation and conditions in their particular sector.
In addition, the KION Group has excellent customers, business partners and over 41,000 talented and experienced employees that demonstrate immense commitment to each other and to our long-term success together.
No bonus is paid if target achievement is 70 per cent or less (lower target limit).
Upon initial recognition, financial liabilities in the AC category are carried at fair value, including (where applicable) directly attributable transaction costs.
The revised sustainability strategy aims to achieve an annual improvement in the LTIFR of 5 percent in the future (upper limit 2020: 8.2).
These treasury shares are not dividend-bearing and do not confer any voting rights.
For today’s call, please refer to our Q1 presentation that’s on our IR Website.
Capital expenditure in Germany came to €156.6 million in 2019 (2018: €156.3 million).
The distribution of a dividend of €0.41 per share (2020: €0.04 per share) to Weichai Power resulted in a pro rata outflow of funds from KION GROUP AG of €24.3 million (2020: €2.1 million).
Consequently, export controls are an important part of the compliance activities carried out by the Group companies.
Financial risks Corporate Finance is responsible for ensuring that sufficient financial resources are always available for the KION Group.
Promising negotiations on the sale of the Russian ITS business are already being held; the local business of SCS has already been largely wound down.
Consequently, the Executive Board is currently authorized by the Annual General Meeting to use the 2020 Authorized Capital to increase the Company’s share capital by up to €279,353 by issuing up to 279,353 new no-par-value bearer shares against cash contributions.
Potential research and development risks are also reduced by carefully managing projects and processes.
In 2019, there had also been an amount of €1.8 million relating to the 2017 tranche.
Because default risk and the other material risks and opportunities are passed to the factor, the receivables are derecognized in full when payment is received from the factor.
Overall, financial debt taken on during the reporting period reached €2,940.1  million (2018: €1,811.7 million); repayments amounted to €3,166.2 million (2018: €2,042.6 million).
Close cooperation between the in-dividual companies and Corporate Finance ensures that the local legal and regulatory requirements faced by foreign Group companies are taken into account in capital management.
And then when the lease contracts get extended, there are less leased vehicles coming back that we would then sell as used trucks.
Currency translation losses and impairment losses on non-current assets also had a negative impact on the ‘other’ item, which meant that it deteriorated from €27.2 million in 2019 to minus €26.2 million in 2020.
KION GROUP AG rec-ognised tax provisions of €44.3  million (2018: €23.2  million) including those in connection with its role as the parent company of the tax group.
There was a countervailing effect from the €6.9 million addition to the retirement benefit obligation, which increased to €54.3 million.
A very small proportion of pension benefits are granted in the form of final-salary-linked benefit obligations.
13KION GROUP AGTO OUR SHAREHOLDERSLetter to ShareholdersAnnual Report 2019Positive prospects despite growing challengesThe KION Group is excellently placed to continue benefiting from global megatrends in the coming years.
The management report has been combined with the group management report.
The table below shows the overall impact of this acquisition on the consolidated financial statements of KION GROUP AG based on the final figures available at the acquisition date.
I also mentioned seasonality, and the fourth quarters usually have a pretty good strong run in them.
The Group’s EBIT adjusted for purchase price allocation effects and non-recurring items (adjusted EBIT) amounted to €841.8 million, which was up substantially (by 53.9 percent) on the figure for 2020 of €546.9 million.
Besides procedures such as the sim-ulation of different driving conditions or load tests, the KION Group also employs in-house developed test methods in the product development process.
Individual areas of opportunity are identified within the framework of the strategy process.
Welcome to the publication of our preliminary financial figures 2019.
Payments made for interest portions and principal portions under procurement leases totalled €126.5 mil-lion (2018: €114.0 million).
The management system, expected development, and the opportunities and risks of the KION Group are described in detail in the ‘Management system’ and ‘Outlook, risk report and opportunity report’ sections of this combined management report.
This item included liabilities from procurement leases amounting to €639.0 million (December 31, 2022: €584.9 million), for which right-of-use assets were recorded.
Sensitivity was based on a net interest-rate exposure of €829.4 million as at December 31, 2023 (December 31, 2022: €1,296.8 million).
The first one would be around the pipeline and the overall vertical mix.
Overall, in 2019, we have seized our opportunities and continued to press ahead with our KION 2027 Strategy despite the challenging market conditions.
So, I’d tell you, in total, I think the bottom line is we’ve got a 9 month backlog, and we’re working on reducing to 6 months plus or minus lead time.
We have orders above €100 million, and that makes a difference.
Another highlight was the on-time completion and launch of the ITS segment’s new plant in Kołbaskowo, Poland.
Sven Weier Yes, and then it's probably fair to say that the real - the like 90% of that is probably in trucks, right, so it's really just a fraction for SCS of those expenses.
[10] Other expenses Other expenses break down as follows:  In 2022, other expenses went up by €49.5 million year on year to reach €130.9 million.
Examples of extreme risks include natural disasters, terrorist attacks, pandemics, and political instability.
The Nomination Committee and Supervisory Board have no influence on the composition of the group of employee representatives on the Supervisory Board because the employees in Germany are free to choose whom they elect.
KION GROUP AG has entered into a number of interest-rate derivatives in order to hedge the interest-rate risk resulting from the variable-rate tranches.
About two-thirds of that contributed to last year`s earnings.
What I would say is it made very good sense to make the production starts that we did in the fourth quarter, in the first quarter, and we reduced our production starts in the second quarter to get that overall balance right.
EBIT (earnings before interest and tax) EBIT is earnings before net financial income/expenses and tax for the reporting period.
Moreover, the complexity of the systems, the greater costs associated with downtime, and fast-changing customer requirements mean that regular maintenance and upgrades are becoming more important than ever.
Both sale transactions have already been signed and are expected to be implemented in the first half of 2024.
Detailed rules are included in the KION Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy, the KION Guidelines on avoiding conflicts of interest and the KION Group Donations and Sponsorship Policy.
The limited availability of used trucks meant that this was the only category where the value of order intake was merely at the prior-year level.
We do integrate by the way with a very strong partner, the ones that you’re talking about, and integrate their modules successfully into overall solutions.
Capital expenditure in the Supply Chain Solutions segment predominantly related to development costs and the construction of a new plant for supply chain solutions in the Chinese city of Jinan, Shandong province.
The revenue of €112.1 million reported for 2023 (2022: €100.1 million) largely arose from the performance of services for affiliated companies.
These principles are set out in the KION Group’s binding minimum employment standards and therefore apply worldwide at all KION Group sites.
The solution uses 3D noise mapping to recommend steps for reducing noise levels.
To reflect the default risk, valuation allowances are recognized for defaults that have occurred and for expected defaults (see note [25]).
Given this positive overall picture, we raised our medium-term target for annual consolidated revenue from its previous level of over €11 billion to more than €12 billion by 2023.
Of this total, €2,062.9 million was attributable to financing of the direct and indirect long-term lease business (2018: €1,165.3 mil-lion).
And there, we also have a mitigation on it.
Drive the Change – For Men and Women’ initiative since 2019 and plays an active part in working groups in order to help drive forward this important issue.
His previous role of chairman of the Audit Committee was taken over by Dr. Nicolas Peter.
To achieve this, safety features and functions are continuously expanded and developed, and customers are provided with safety information in a variety of ways (03 | Product and solution safety).
There are monthly reports on the opportunity situation as part of the regular Group reporting process.
Compliance with these standards also promotes the trust that investors, employees, business partners, and the public have in the management and supervision of the Company.
The financial forecasts are based on assumptions relating to the development of the global economy, the sectoral environment, the procurement markets, and exchange rates.
International collaboration is also strengthened and put into practice on a daily basis by the many teams whose members are spread out across the globe, for example within the CTO organization or IT.
And so, at this point in time, it’s about 22%.
Is that a good proxy for where you expect your wage increases to end up across the group towards the end of the year?
This equa-tes to a total dividend payout of €153.4 million and thus a rise of 8.4 per cent compared with the prior year.
The figure shown for one-year variable remuneration for 2019 is the ac-tual amount paid out, which may differ from the estimated value listed in the 2019 consolidated financial statements.
Consequently, the strongest growth in the new truck business in recent years, including in the first nine months of 2022, has been for forklift trucks and warehouse trucks powered by an electric motor.
The last available annual financial statements or interim financial statements were generally used as the basis for measurement.
Additional production capacity and the expansion of project-related personnel resources are expected to support this growth.
Worldwide research and development activities strengthen the Industrial Trucks & Services segment’s position as a technology driver, which it is extending in areas such as energy-efficient and low-emission drive technologies and automation solutions.
In the months that followed, the Supervisory Board worked intensively and with the support of external consultants to find a successor for Anke Groth.
A risk management policy issued by Corporate Finance stipulates how to deal with the aforemen-tioned risks.
Details of the remuneration of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board can be found in note [47].
The LTI is measured on the basis of employee satis faction and a comprehensive external assessment of the sustainability performance, which is assessed using a recognised rating.
The bilateral bank loans have a variable rate and mature between 2023 and 2026.
KION GROUP AG neither intends to nor assumes any separate obligation to update forward-looking statements or to change these to reflect events or developments that occur after the publication of this annual report.
In addition, foreign-currency forwards are employed to hedge the currency risks arising in the course of internal financing.
That is based on the fact that we had some negotiations with suppliers ongoing throughout the year.
The KION Group’s net financial expenses include a net interest cost of €19.0  million (2018: €18.8  million).
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 134 Annual report 2023  Further developments in the geopolitical situation (e.g.
It should also simplify responsibility for the Operating Units and provide even greater clarity about where responsibilities lie.
The platform’s ultra-precise forecasts allow customers to plan the optimum charging times for their fleets of industrial trucks, to avoid peaks in charging, and in doing so to significantly reduce their energy costs.
The ineffective portion of the changes in fair value is recognized immediately in the income statement.
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined management report.
The interest-rate swaps used as hedges reflect the maturity profile of the hedged items and will mature in 2025.
Exceeding the agreed maximum level of leverage gives lenders a right of termination.
If the actual return on plan assets falls below the discount rates applied, the net obligation arising out of the pension plans increases.
In the case of business combinations in stages, previously held equity interests are recognised at their fair value at the acqui-sition date.
The chairman of the Supervisory Board chairs the Annual General Meeting.
Pursuant to IFRS, these assets are not amortized and their measurement depends, above all, on expectations about the future financial performance of the KION Group.
ITS will continue to build on its strong 2023 performance and is expected to remain in the double-digit margin territory.
This is pushing up demand for warehouse automation, mobile automation, and robotics solutions.
Given that the situation with regard to product availability remains very difficult worldwide and affects multiple sectors, the KION Group expects the level of risks from the project business to remain at a moderate level in 2023.
The increase was due to the significant improvement in the tax group’s earnings situation in 2021.
The allocation was based on a particular percentage of each manager’s individual gross annual remuneration at the time of grant.
The assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries, including goodwill, are translated at the middle spot exchange rate, i.e.
We’ve been taking risk out of our contracts with our contracting.
Analysis of the KION Group’s economic activities for the 2021 and 2022 financial years shows the following results (Table 2).
Impairment testing of goodwill in the Supply Chain Solutions segment Explanatory notes on impairment testing can be found in Notes 6 and 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
This includes liabilities of €242.2 million (2019: €432.1  million) related to sale and leaseback sub-lease transactions entered into up to December 31, 2017.
We do not express a separate audit opinion on the prospective information and on the assumptions used as a basis.
A total of 18,467 shares (2019: 67,104 shares) were acquired by staff under the KION Employee Equity Program (KEEP).
Offering financial services is therefore part of the truck sales process.
It is shown in the section ‘Financial position and financial performance of the KION Group’.
The proposal was discussed at the Audit Committee’s meeting on 20 February 2019, and committee members were given the opportunity to speak to the auditors in person.
The resulting translation differences are not taken to income and are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income until subsidiaries are disposed of.
The Supervisory Board unanimously resolved to appoint Dr. Puhl as CTO on December 17, 2020.
Doing a price increase just once a year or twice a year, these days are behind us at KION.
The Nomination  Committee’s task is to propose new candidates for the Super­visory Board to the Company’s Annual General Meeting.
According to these rules, the chairman of the Supervisory Board coordinates its work and the cooperation with the Executive Board, chairs the meetings of the Supervisory Board, and represents it externally.
It provides additional motivation for employees to continually engage with HSE matters.
08 | Sustainable governance Sustainable Governance is the foundation for decision-making and for decision implementation – in general and for all sustainability action fields in particular.
Interest-rate swaps are used to hedge the resultant interest-rate risk and the risk of a change in the liabilities’ fair value.
Disruptions and blockages in global supply chains, which initially impacted on semiconductors, spread to a variety of other components as well as materials and supplies.
Familiarity with the three main employer brands, Linde, STILL, and Dematic, remains very high and was further strengthened during the reporting year.
These rules of procedure are published on the KION GROUP AG website at www.kiongroup.com/Rules-of-Procedure.
The new remuneration system will be finalised during the course of 2020 and presented to the 2021 Annual General Meeting for approval.
This adjustment may vary by plus or minus 30 per cent of the variable remuneration.
Goodwill Goodwill has an indefinite useful life and is therefore not amortized.
Customer needs are incorporated into the development process on an ongoing basis by ensuring close collaboration between sales and development units and taking account of all region- specific requirements.
Just wanted to clarify this comment you’re making, Rob, on the SCS market because it does seem at odds with what a lot of your peers are saying.
The global Diversity & Inclusion Council, which was set up in 2022, aims to establish a culture of inclusion and diversity that puts people and their mental health first and gives opportunities for career progression.
This creates the basis for innovative and creative solu-tions.
But 9% and 5% is over the overall strategic planning period as opposed to tying that to any specific year and certainly not tying it to next year yet.
Shares with special rights that confer authority to exert control over the Company There are no shares with special rights that confer the authority to exert control over the Company.
The further stabilization that is anticipated in the sales and procurement markets of the operating segments is subject to risks, however.
Purchase commitments for capital expenditure on non-current assets amounted to €68.5 million as at the reporting date (December 31, 2022: €117.0 million); they are financed almost entirely from the KION Group’s own resources.
The members of the Supervisory Board and its committees based in Germany routinely attended in person with only a few exceptions; the members of the Supervisory Board based in China used video conferencing to participate.
Further information can be found in note [27].
The details of this report were discussed thoroughly at the Supervisory Board meeting on February 28, 2024, when it was adopted.
Finally, the KION Group intends to systematically reduce the amount of waste it generates (Table 18).
The  KION GROUP AG 276 Annual report 2022  determination of the criteria and parameters in these applications are subject to the executive directors’ judgement.
Occupational safety incidents are meticulously recorded, documented and evaluated.
It also prepares all Supervisory Board resolutions required in this regard, especially in connection with the Executive Board members’ variable remuneration components (setting of targets and target achievement for the short-term and long-term bonuses).
• Profitability: The KION Group wants to retain its position as one of the most profitable sup-pliers in the industry and improve its adjusted EBIT margin so that it is permanently in double digits.
The auditors were appointed by the chairman of the Supervisory Board on 23 July 2019.
We continued implementing our KION 2027 Strategy with great success along its fields of actions: energy, digital, automation, innovation, and performance.
This means the rate of growth halved compared with 2021 (6.2 percent), which had been boosted by pent-up demand in connection with the coronavirus pandemic.
Therefore, we examined the agreements on the basis of judge-mental selections or by applying sampling methods.
During a successful interim presentation, the technology’s huge potential was demonstrated in an intelligent assistance system that helps self-driving vehicles to recognize their environment.
Resolutions of the Executive Board may also be adopted between meetings.
Can you help us understand, how big is China for you in 2019 in orders and sales?
It also extended the range of production series to supply batteries for a greater number of trucks and power classes.
Resolutions of the full Executive Board are passed by simple majority unless a greater majority is required by law.
PragueCzech Republic23100.00%100.00%122 Urban Transporte spol.
In general, the stronger euro created more difficult conditions for the export business, but made com-modities cheaper as they are mainly traded in US dollars.
To deter-mine the lifetime losses, for purposes of the valuation allowance average loss rates are calculated on a collective basis in accord-ance with the past due status of the receivables.
This was mainly due to the incremental fulfilment of customer orders in the long-term project business over their scheduled period.
Where required, we received confirmations of third parties to assess the completeness of the entered contracts.
However, we made sure that all contract types were subject to our examination.
–perform audit procedures on the prospective information presented by the legal representatives in the group manage-ment report.
The risk of not detect-ing a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collu-sion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls.
Overall demand was weakening in the customer segments general merchandise and apparel, a high proportion of orders was attributable to pure e-commerce providers and grocery retail.
And it does give us some reasonable visibility as we look into next year.
Competitive pressures are likely to continue to intensify in the future.
Each plan is monitored by its own board of trustees, which oversees the running of the plan as well as its funded status and the investment strategy.
The coronavirus pandemic had only an immaterial impact on the project business during the reporting year.
Impairment losses decreased by €12.5 million to €0.3 million.
[52] Information on preparation and approval The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG prepared the consolidated financial statements on February 22, 2023 and approved them for forwarding to the Supervisory Board.
In addition, the Operating Units have extensive used truck and rental truck businesses, allowing peaks in capacity requirements to be met and customers to be supported after their leases have expired.
More than 800 new jobs are to be created in Jinan by 2025.
These are instead used as a qualitative factor in the assessment of risk-bearing capacity.
Current interest payments declined to minus €33.8 million thanks to the further optimization of the interest on financial debt (2019: minus €36.7 million).
A reconciliation of net financial debt to industrial net operating debt is presented in the > table ‘Industrial net debt’ (in the section ‘Financial position and financial performance of the KION Group’).
The KION Group is a leader in the material handling industry when it comes to the development of resource- and energy-efficient systems.
Our thoughts are with everyone who has suffered so much in this conflict.
The hedge ratio, which is derived from the volume of hedged items and the hedging instruments used, is 1:1 for these hedges.
Based on the data inputs, we assessed for each selected contract whether the results of the lease applications comply with the relevant IFRS.
Adjusted EBIT amounted to €841.8 million, also within its target range of €810 million to €890 million.
Pursuant to Section 322 (3) sentence 1 German Commercial Code (HGB), we declare that our audit has not led to any reservations relating to the legal compliance of the consolidated financial state-ments and of the combined management report.
This led to the further postponement of the milestones originally planned for 2020.
And maybe you could give also the feeling how much of that is going to be executed in the first half and how much is then left over for the second half.
In some cases, these go far beyond the requirements set out in the relevant standards.
The carrying amount of the asset is compared with its recoverable amount.
Long-term leases are primarily arranged on a fixed-interest basis.
These will be both faster and smarter than any autonomous vehicles that we have seen before.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 250 Annual report 2023  The following table provides an overview of the foreign-currency forwards entered into by the KION Group.
So no, we don’t see that right now.
In the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, this only includes orders for new trucks.
I don’t see us constrained on our R&D whatsoever.
All of the shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board have been elected for a term of five years.
At the end of last year, the order book finished at €3.3 billion and continues to provide good visibility for the quarters to come.
In the event of heightened economic uncertainty or an eco-nomic downturn, including as a result of external shocks such as a global pandemic, customers tend to postpone their capital expenditure plans.
And as of today, we see only limited risk for our European factories, as we have already have started with the implementation of supply chain mitigation efforts.
These fundamental principles are combined with the KION Group’s commitment to sustainable business, taking account of society’s expectations in the markets in which the Company operates.
This helps to systematically identify and support staff across the Group who have potential, who are high performers, or who are experts in key functions.
Adjusted EBITDA stood at €570.3 million (2022: €335.4 million) or minus €75.1 million (2022:  minus €55.6 million) if intragroup income from equity investments is excluded.
Instead, the auditors merely check whether all of the required disclosures have been included in the corporate governance statement.
Involving employees in codetermination matters as well as through employee representa-tive bodies at a business unit and Group level is handled in accordance with national legislation.
This funding enables the KION Group to present a united front in the capital markets and strengthens its hand in negotiations with banks and other market participants.
Corporate Services The Corporate Services segment comprises holding companies and service companies that provide services such as IT, logistics, and general administration across all segments.
The worldwide vehicle fleet, which consisted of more than 1.6 million industrial trucks at the end of 2021, provides a broad base for the service business.
For critical materials, the KION Group has also increased its buffer of inventories.
Liabilities from short-term rental business In accordance with IFRS 9, liabilities from the short-term rental business are recognized at amortized cost using the effective interest method (AC category).
For the first quarter, we assume that top and bottom line will be slightly impacted in China negatively, but we anticipate a catchup until yearend.
Adjusted EBITDA increased to €476.6 million (2020: €341.1 million).
The growth of e-commerce has a major influence on demand for supply chain solutions, including warehouse automation and solutions for sorting and for automated goods transportation.
And ultimately then, when can SCS be expected to return to growth, if we can start there?
Lainate  Italy  24  100.0%  100.0%   76  Dematic Ltd.  Mississauga  Canada  53  100.0%  100.0%   77  K-LIFT S.A.  Luxembourg  Luxembourg  –  –  –  [2] 78  Dematic Group S.à r.l.
2020 saw the launch of the ‘LMH P2 goes green’ fuel-cell project at the Aschaf-fenburg plant.
The cost of internally generated machinery and equipment includes all costs directly attributable to the production process and an appropriate portion of production overheads.
This figure included a net loss attributable to non-controlling inter-ests of €10.0 million (2018: net income of €1.8 million).
The Audit Committee also reviews the work carried out by the independent auditor and checks that the independent auditor is qualified and independent.
The retained  earnings comprise the net income (loss) for the financial year and past contributions to earnings by the consolidated entities,  provided they have not been distributed.
No concerns were raised as a result of the Supervisory Board’s reviews of these reports.
The KION Group also supports the establishment of networking groups and employee resource groups, some of which are represented on the council.
Within the reporting year, the sustainability action field Product and solution sustainability was further developed, and its scope considerably expanded.
GRI 101: Foundation 2016[GRI 101 does not contain any disclosures.]
Changes in estimates relating to defined benefit pension entitlements resulted in an increase in equity of €410.6 million (after deferred taxes).
The fall in forklift truck orders was mitigated by a moderate rise in unit sales of warehouse trucks, including entry-level trucks in the lower weight categories.
Due to the special circumstances created by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Annual General Meetings in 2020 and 2021 were held as virtual events in line with the German COVID-19 Measures Act.
In the reporting year, the KION 2027 strategy was updated to include sustainability as an additional field of action on the basis of the main aspects of the sustainability strategy.
Monthly checklists have been drawn up for the consolidation process and are worked through in a standardized manner.
The KION Group Supervisory Board commissioned an auditing firm with an external limited-assurance audit of thecontents of the Group non-financial report pursuant to § 315b HGB for the fiscal year 2020.
Additional features include Dynamic Load Control 1 and 2, which prevent both driver and vehicle from getting into critical situations – effectively avoiding tip-over accidents, which pose a major risk of serious injury.
Furthermore, liabilities from the financing of the short-term rental business included liabilities from rental facilities in an amount of €215.3 million (December 31, 2022: €97.1 million).
The standard retirement age for the statutory pension applies.
Anke Groth Yes, let’s start with October.
The performance period for the 2022 tranche ends on December 31, 2024 (2021 tranche: December 31, 2023).
The scope of consolidation for risk management purposes is the same as the scope of consolidation for the consolidated financial statements.
In 2018, the gross margin had been squeezed by temporary underutilisation of project-related personnel capacity in the Supply Chain Solutions segment resulting from delays in the awarding of projects.
These statements only take into account information that was available up to and including the date that this annual report was prepared.
I just wanted to ask around SCS again, as you were talking about, obviously, the possibility of lumpy contracts going forward.
Global surveys addressing the most relevant stakeholder groups, on Group level and in Operating Units, are combined with a sustainability benchmark of industry, peers and market expectations.
The biggest influence on the transaction price is the default risk of the counterparty.
At sites where codetermination arrangements provide for the workforce to be involved in decision-making, the KION Group engages in constructive talks on these matters with the employee representatives.
The KION Group’s procurement spectrum is characterized by a high degree of heterogeneity and complexity.
Besides increasing earnings, the focus here is on asset management and efficient use of capital.
So that’s to me not really a strategy just to make your warehouses bigger.
Consequently, the total amount of unrecognized deferred tax assets relating to loss carryforwards is €160.1 million (2019: €173.0 million), of which €124.7 million (2019: €140.9 million) concerns tax losses that can be carried forward indefinitely.
Having repaid the remaining liability of €200.0 million under the acquisition facilities agreement (AFA) in January 2020, the KION Group focused on precautionary measures to protect its financial strength in the months that followed.
By contrast, increased tax deductibles and additional tax credits in the Group led to a sharp drop in the tax rate in 2021.
The KION Group offers flexible working-time models that promote a good work-life balance.
In 2019, the weighted, hedged risk-free fixed interest rate remained unchanged year on year at 0.5 per cent.
Furthermore, the KION Group cannot guarantee that future performance and actual profits generated will be consistent with the stated assumptions and estimates and can accept no liability in this regard.
Four years later, in 2005, the current name Dematic is launched as an independent brand on the market and its ground-breaking multishuttle system revolutionized the material handling industry.
All of the shares in the Company give rise to the same rights and obligations.
Picking equipment con-trolled by radio, voice or light is available for nearly all goods and packaging types.
The provisions for onerous contracts as at December 31, 2022 mainly related to project business contracts in the Supply Chain Solutions segment; the payments expected in this context will be incurred within the next two years after the reporting date.
In addition, the minutes of the committee meetings are distributed to the members of the Supervisory Board for information purposes once the committee members have approved them.
For some technical reasons, it may not be able to answer questions from the room.
The age structure of financial liabilities is reviewed and optimised continually.
There are also individual orders for repairs and maintenance work as well as for spare parts.
So, we’ve been extending to help them have the machine availability they need to keep their operations running.
The KION Group Code of Compliance can be found online at www.kiongroup.com/compliance.
The first bond placed on the capital markets under this program had a total volume of €500.0 million, a maturity date in 2025, and a coupon of 1.625 percent.
de C.V.MonterreyMexico51 & 109100.00%100.00%82 Dematic Trading de Mexico S. de.
Violations that have already occurred are investigated through effective control measures, such as regular or special audits.
Despite the strength of the North American business in the Supply Chain Solutions segment and the growth of business in China, the bulk of revenue continues to be generated in Europe.
The total remuneration of the members of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board came to €9.0 million (2021: €27.5 million).
Sharp rises in the KION share priceOver the course of 2019, KION shares recouped most of the  losses that they had suffered in the previous year.
Materiality analysis                                                                      NfR: Identification of material issues, Non-financial risks,                                                102-46Specific financial items in the Financial Statement In 2018, the KION Group revised its materiality analysis and completed the evaluation in 2019.
The Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG has appointed Michael Larsson as the Executive Board member responsible for the Supply Chain Solutions segment globally and the Industrial Trucks and Services business in the Americas.
The payment of a dividend to the shareholders of KION GROUP AG resulted in an outflow of funds of minus €196.7 million, which equates to €1.50 per share.
In consultation with the Executive Board, the Executive Committee regularly discusses long-term succession planning for the Executive Board.
In 2017, the KION Group updated its corporate policy setting out its obligations in respect of health, safety and the environment (HSE).
That’s kind of a good strategy in general.
As far as possible, the recommendations on hygiene and social distancing were implemented at the sites.
Non-current assetsNon-current assets increased to €10,696.4  million as at the reporting date (2018: €10,150.6 million).
The Supervisory Board believes that, in its current composition, it covers all areas of the profile of skills and expertise with regard to practical experience (skills) and / or professional / academic training and knowledge (expertise).
The KGCC is a binding framework for all employees.
Pursuant to article 6 (1) of the articles of association of the Company, the Executive Board must have a minimum of two members.
Significantly longer delivery lead times prompted customers to bring their orders forward in the first half of 2022, while the market became increasingly sluggish as the year went on.
Double-digit growth rates in both the project business (business solutions) and the service business contributed to this result.
In doing so, the Supervisory Board took account of the Company’s financial situation and performance, its medium-term financial and capital-expenditure planning, and the interests of the shareholders.
The Executive Board as a whole is collectively responsible for key operational and strategic decisions and for the allocation of resources.
These ratings support the KION Group’s efforts to be categorized as a sustainable investment for environmentally conscious investors.
Nonetheless, the KION Group continues to maintain the necessary buffer of bought-in parts.
Overall, revenue declined compared to the prior-year quarter as the stable services business did not compensate for the 26% decline in the project business.
In 2022, based on the averages for the year, the euro depreciated by a significant 10.9 percent against the US dollar, by 7.2 percent against the renminbi, and by a modest 0.8 percent against pound sterling.
• evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used by the executive directors and the reasonableness of estimates made by the executive directors and related disclosures.
Because the hedges are highly effective, the change in the fair value of the cash flows from the hedged items corresponds to the change in the fair value of the hedging instruments.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in accordance with the liability method for all tem-porary differences between the IFRS carrying amounts and the tax base, as well as for temporary consolidation measures.
PragueCzech Republic14 & 23100.00%100.00%121 STILL Regional Service Center, s.r.o.
It also contains the KION Group’s non-financial declaration as required under German law.
A contract liability is a company’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the company has received consideration.
The specific figures are shown in > TABLE 032.
The net cash used for investing activities amounted to minus €406.3 million in the reporting period (2019: minus €277.9 million).
And then maybe if we extend that to 2027, how do you see your market share or overall in terms of your growth versus market growth in both of the segments?
Baoli offers its customers a range of solid and robust industrial trucks and guarantees a high quality of service.
As part of the CampusOS project, STILL is conducting research into open 5G networks and developing the technologies required to use them in intralogistics.
Composition of subscribed capital The subscribed capital (share capital) of KION GROUP AG amounted to around €131.2 million as at December 31, 2023.
All members of the Remuneration Committee participated in all of its ordinary meetings.
At the end of 2022, the KION Group was able to appoint suitable successors for half of its management positions.
In the market for supply chain solutions, we anticipate an annual growth rate along the long-term trend of more than 10 percent, driven primarily by growth in e-commerce.
In July 2023, Dematic announced the global launch of a noise-reduction portfolio.
In the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, this trend was boosted by orders brought forward by customers and by delays in the delivery of new trucks caused by bottlenecks at suppliers.
The KION Group has the right to adjust the amount payable at the end of the performance period in the event of exceptional occurrences or developments.
Additional remarks In the interests of legibility, the KION Group avoids the use of multiple-gender pronouns.
As at the end of 2023, modernization work and services (customer services) were being provided to customers at their sites by around 2,100 employees and other external staff in a total of around 30 countries.
The Corporate Services segment comprises activities other than those of the operating business and the holding functions of the KION Group.
The total carrying amount for liabilities in connection with share-based remuneration was €1.3 million as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: €16.2 million).
Coming now to the second quarter, our assessment is that the market in EMEA was down strongly, while we expect the Americas to have seen moderate growth in the second quarter.
The consolidated revenue generated between January and December 2021 jumped by 23.4 percent year on year.
The amount of the pension depends on employees’ length of service and final salary.
Opportunities are determined and managed on a decentralized basis in line with the Group strategy.
Lots of companies are doing that across lots of -- in different industries.
EMEA continued to see a strong momentum in Q1.
Following the regulatory approval of vaccines and the vaccination programs that began in late 2020 and early 2021, it now seems more likely that the coronavirus pandemic will be brought under control soon.
A reconciliation of net financial debt to industrial net operating debt is presented in the > table ‘Industrial net operating debt’ (in the section ‘Financial position and financial performance of the KION Group’).
At the start of July 2023, the KION Group signed up to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in order to provide transparency regarding its efforts to reduce greenhouse emissions.
Internal control mechanisms and ongoing analysis of the regulatory framework enable any risks that might jeopardize the compliance of the consolidated financial statements and group management report with accounting standards to be identified as soon as possible so that appropriate countermeasures can be taken.
The service business benefits from the growing number and the rising complexity of installed systems.
KION GROUP AG is also a member of the initiative ‘Chefsache.
To ensure the highest level of safety for both operators and the environment, the KION Group’s standards for its own products and solutions usually go beyond the legal requirements and are backed up by numerous tests and trials with industrial trucks.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 43 Annual report 2022  Executive Committee The Executive Committee consists of four shareholder representatives and four employee representatives.
KION GROUP AG neither intends to nor assumes any separate obligation to update forward-looking statements or to change these to reflect events or developments that occur after the publication of this annual report.
And we expect to achieve this within our strategic planning period.
Page 32   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2019 Update Call Transcription Daniel Gleim Very clear.
• Effective use and centralized coordination of global development capacities may create synergies and economies of scale.
In the case of product sales, the corresponding expense is recognized in cost of sales at the date on which the revenue is recognized.
Further information on goodwill can be found in note [16].
These non-GAAP measures have been included because we believe that investors may find them helpful to measure our performance as reported under the relevant IFRS measures.
Other provisions Other provisions are recognized when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation to a third party as the result of a past event that is likely to lead to a future outflow of resources and that can be reliably estimated.
So obviously, the trucks themselves are now more expensive, but what we’ve seen in some parts of the world, diesel prices are up 40%.
The KION Group strives for a behavior-based safety culture regarding physical as well as mental health and minimizing hazards, workplace-related injuries, occupational illnesses, and serious inci-dents (01 | Occupational health and safety).
I think that’s a very valid question, especially in the environment that we’re in right now and potentially a very looming gas situation here, Akash.
The liabilities to banks and the promissory notes are not collateralized.
The KION Group only uses derivatives to hedge underlying operational and financial transactions; they are not used for speculative purposes.
Net financial debt rose by €1,102.9 million to €1,670.5 million as at the reporting date, compared with €567.6 million at the end of 2021.
This also applies in particular to cases of discrimination.
No, our Supply Chain Solutions business is the world’s leading integrator of our own and third-party technology with a full software stack and being able to put all that into a solution that’s giving our customers competitive strategic advantages.
Group order intake at €2.6 billion was up 4% year-on-year, thanks to the solid order intake at Supply Chain Solutions.
Among other things, it regulates cooperation with external business partners with regard to integrity checks or performance incentives.
The KION Group actively drives safety standards for the industry.
• Amendments to IAS 37 ‘Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets’ – The amendments relate to the costs to be considered by an entity in assessing whether a contract is onerous (loss-making).
Secondly, access to highly skilled workers helps to lay the foundations for future profitable growth.
List of shareholdings as at December 31, 2021 No.
To help customers overcome these challenges, the KION Group has teamed up with ifesca GmbH to employ artificial intelligence to forecast and manage energy use in industrial applications.
There’s about a 6- to 24-month lead time in Supply Chain Solutions, and I think that’s an important element to keep reflecting on as you’re building your models.
Further information on leases where the KION Group is the lessor can be found in the section on the lease and short-term rental business in this note.
The commercial paper program was increased by €250.0 million to €750.0 million in April 2022.
So, is this similar in kind of size of competitors also?
Deferred taxes are recognised in other compre-hensive income if they relate to transactions also recognised in other comprehensive income.
For example, they are used along with the six core competencies as a basis for measuring performance in the annual staff appraisal interviews.
The total expenditure is around €120 million, of which €98.0 million (or €89.3 million after deduction of cash and cash equivalents acquired) was included in the calculation of free cash flow in the year under review.
The Company applies high quality and safety standards to the use of its products and in product development and manufacturing, and it has also taken out the usual types of insurance to cover any third-party claims.
Furthermore, liabilities from financial services arising from the lease business include residual value obligations resulting from the indirect lease business.
In particular, capacity bottlenecks on the part of suppliers could result in the KION Group facing backlogs in the supply of individual raw materials and components.
Contract costs are recognized as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.
We also liaised closely with workforce representatives in order to make full use of opportunities for internal flexibility.
One new promissory note was issued, whereas a further amount was repaid towards the remain-ing long-term tranches under the AFA.
Certification is to be extended to all production facilities and sales and service outlets.
Net cash provided by operating activities totaled €527.1 million, which was lower than the prior-year figure of €846.3 million, primarily because of the decline in EBIT.
We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
The Supervisory Board’s decision on changing the remuner-ation system was guided by KION GROUP AG’s positioning in the top quartile of the MDAX on the basis of its size, market position and total assets.
And we got our eyes on bringing the guidance back when the market uncertainty comes -- reduces, and we can come back with some solid guidance for the rest of the year.
A deepening of the crisis in the Chinese real-estate sector is regarded as a further risk.
The reduction in new business (business solutions), which affected both North America and EMEA, was only partly offset by an encouraging rise in orders in the service business (customer services).
Dematic is the global leader in warehouse automation, providing a broad range of intelligent supply chain and automation solutions.
Capital expenditure For the KION Group, this item includes capitalized development costs and spending on property, plant, and equipment and on intangible assets (excluding right-of-use assets) for the reporting pe-riod.
Since January 1, 2021, the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG, which is responsible for the op-erational management of the KION Group, has had six members.
Therefore, all of our plants globally are running.
The increase would have been higher without a fall in defined benefit obligations as a result of changed discount rates and plan adjustments and without the repayment of non-current financial liabilities.
The KION Group’s modeling of the market is based on a further slowdown in global economic growth and a recession in Europe, as explained in the outlook.
This is supported by data from 2020 gathered by Interact Analysis.
Realisation of revenue regarding the project business in the Supply Chain Solutions segment a) The revenue in the Supply Chain Solutions segment amounts to mEUR 2,619.4 in the financial year 2020 (prior year: mEUR 2,376.1).
This is due in large part to the growth in the volume of new truck business and the rise in the contribution from the service business compared to the past.
The electric forklift trucks made by STILL GmbH are also extremely powerful.
Christoph, I understand where you’re coming from, but you shouldn’t look at the ’22 numbers for financial year but actually use Q4 as a starting point.
The KION GROUP AG Supervisory Board met this statutory requirement regarding gender representation on supervisory boards in 2022 as 31.25 percent of its members were female (five of the 16 members).
Furthermore, sustainability is to be made a focus topic right at the very start of the product evolution process.
The KION Group has set itself the target of having all its sites certified ac-cording to ISO 45001 or equivalent standards by the end of 2024.
The critical-terms-match method is used to measure the prospective effectiveness of the hedges.
In 2020, LMH EMEA, for example, achieved more than 20 percent coverage.
The maximum amount payable is limited to 200 percent of the value of the shares allotted to an individual at the grant date.
Foreign-currency forwards with settlement dates in the same month as the expected cash flows from the Group’s operating activities are used as hedges.
For example, the organizational integration of new units can harm financial performance for a variety of reasons.
The segment operates a multi-brand strategy involving the three international brands Linde, STILL, and Baoli plus the two regional brands Fenwick and OM.
> TABLE 006Supply Chain SolutionsThe market for supply chain solutions delivered strong growth in 2019.
To identify taxonomy-eligible as well as taxonomy-aligned economic activities, an interdisciplinary team was compiled to analyze and evaluate the KION Group’s economic activities based on the technical screening criteria of the Delegated Act.
Then in September 2022, the term of the variable-rate revolving credit facility (RCF) with a total volume of €1,000.0 million was extended by one year until October 2027.
I get that part as that is also an indication perhaps on what to expect in terms of sales for next year already.
Currency risks from financial instruments as defined by IFRS 7 are only included in calculating currency sensitivity if the financial instruments are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the Group company concerned.
As the shares in the Company are bearer shares, the Company only learns about changes to the size of shareholdings if these changes are notifiable pursuant to the German Securities Trading Act or other regulations.
If this cannot be readily defined, a term-specific and currency-specific incremental borrowing rate of interest is essentially determined and used for the calculation.
The Industrial Trucks & Services segment has a very broadly diversified customer base.
Firstly, the benefits granted for the year under review, including the additional benefits and – in the case of variable remuneration components – the max-imum and minimum remuneration achievable are shown in the > table ‘Benefits granted in 2020’.
Alongside the modernisation of existing plants in Aschaffenburg, Hamburg, Châtellerault and Luzzara, we are currently planning to build new factories in Poland and China.
The last available annual financial statements or interim financial statements were generally used as the basis for measurement.
Eastern Europe increased slightly by 0.5% in Q4, which was mainly supported by Russia.
Despite the growing danger posed by inflation, monetary and fiscal policy remained on an expansionary footing.
In addition, Standard & Poor’s followed the lead of its fellow rating agency Fitch by awarding the KION Group an investment-grade rating for the first time last year –  a testament to our outstanding financial profile.
Risks arising from the lease business mainly affect the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, while project risks primarily relate to the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
On a smaller scale, they included expenses of €7.6 million from interest charged on intercom-pany liabilities (2019: €11.8 million) and expenses of €5.1 million from the unwinding of the discount on pension provisions (2019: €5.4 million).
Given the high degree of technical specialisation of KION Group products, the Group procures many customer-spe-cific components with a single-sourcing approach.
Dr. Alexander Dibelius sent his apologies for his absence from one of the four meetings of the Executive Committee and Alexandra Schädler sent her apologies for her absence from one of the six meetings of the Audit Committee.
Any change in the fair value of the obligation must be recognized (pro rata) under expenses.
Furthermore, the KION Group cannot guarantee that future performance and actual profits generated will be consistent with the stated assumptions and estimates and can accept no liability in this regard.
Further information on employee structure and personnel expenses can be found in Tables 12 to 16 and in the Annual Report .
At the end of last year, we completed the global KION Pulse survey of our entire workforce in which we asked for suggestions on how we could improve.
We describe these matters in the auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter.
Net financial debt equated to 1.0 times adjusted EBITDA, representing a further year-on-year improvement (2018: 1.2 times).
The KION Group not only wants to offer its customers the most-efficient technology but also to en-courage them to opt for this technology.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 62 Annual report 2023  of the GCGC.
By contrast, the Supply Chain Solutions segment tends to be less cyclical owing to longer project cycles, often lasting for several years, and to the stable growth of e-com-merce.
That’s part of the visibility we’re working to achieve prior to coming back with guidance.
Shandong Heavy Industry Group Co., Ltd., Jinan, People’s Republic of China, is the company that prepares the global consolidated financial statements for the largest number of affiliated companies.
Thanks to the encouraging level of order intake, particularly in the fourth quarter, and the full order book, project-related capacity utilization will remain at a good level for much of 2021.
The interest cost from the unwinding of the discount on estimated pension obligations is not recognized under personnel expenses and is instead reported under financial expenses as a component of interest expense.
Analysis of the maturity structure of receivables is an integral element of monthly reporting.
In derogation of section 3.8 (3) of the Code, the articles of association of KION GROUP AG do not provide for a deductible for members of the Supervisory Board under D&O insurance.
In such cases, the KION Group’s closely integrated manufacturing net-work presents a heightened risk to its ability to deliver goods on time.
Additions to and repayments of financial debt mainly related to current additions and repayments under the commercial paper program and the syndicated revolving credit facility (RCF) as well as the repayment of bank loans.
If the 2024 Annual General Meeting approves it, the 2024 remuneration system will apply retrospectively from January 1, 2024.
Other countries Furthermore, significant asset volumes are invested in external pension funds with restricted access in the US, Switzerland, and the Netherlands.
And our STILL brand is operating one of Europe’s biggest fleets of fuel-cell forklift trucks at the French retail and wholesaling company Carrefour.
Currency effects reduced order intake by a total of €66.3 million.
Our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report do not cover the other information, and consequently we do not express an audit opin-ion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon.
The resulting final number of phantom shares multiplied by the smoothed price of KION GROUP AG shares at the end of the performance period determines the amount of cash actually paid.
KION’s Q2 orders came in at 86,300 units and thus close to the record levels of the previous year.
Is there a sense that that pause is coming to an end or any sort of green shoots?
Our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management re-port do not cover the other information, and consequently we do not express an audit opinion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon.
Page 5   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Preliminary Full Year 2019 Update Call Transcription  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we will begin the question-and-answer session.
Provisions for defined benefit obligations to former members of the Executive Board or their surviving dependants amounting to €11,672 thousand (2018: €10,463 thousand) were recognised in accordance with IAS 19.
taking account of shareholders, customers, employ­ees and other stakeholders with the aim of creating sustainable added value.
In addition, employees receive practical information on the subject of occupational safety via the KION Group Social Intra-net and are informed of current developments (“Safety Alerts”).
The KION compliance department focuses mainly on preventing compliance violations by providing policies, information, advice, and training.
When I talk about a normalization, I’m talking, very clearly, we still expect about 4% compound annual growth rate per annum in the medium and long term on this industry.
It’s a significant recognition, and I’m very proud of the work my colleagues have put into this.
Cus-tomer centricity and a firm focus on customer requirements are also enshrined in the KION Group’s vision of being the best company in the world at understanding its customers’ material handling needs and providing the right solutions.
In addition, the KION Group paid minus €4.8 million for the acquisition of around 20 percent of the shares in ifesca GmbH.
United Kingdom In the United Kingdom, defined benefit pension obligations predominantly relate to two plans.
In the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, at least 75 percent of the currency risk related to the planned operating cash flows based on liquidity planning is normally hedged by currency forwards in accordance with the risk management policy.
Higher volumes were the main margin driver during the quarter, lifting the adjusted EBIT margin to 11.7%, despite the ongoing negative shift in the sales mix caused by the strong project business, clearly outpacing currently the service business.
2.1 Internal control system KION GROUP AG has an internal control system designed to meet the specific needs of the Company.
Goods from Europe account for the largest share of the KION Group’s purchasing volume (74 percent), followed by North and South America (14 percent) and Asia-Pacific (11 percent).
Thanks to the proceeds from the capital increase, net financial debt fell sharply to €880.0 million (December 31, 2019: €1,609.3 million).
Interact Analysis anticipates that this will lead to disproportionately strong growth in the market for AMRs and AGVs.
The KION Group endeavors to pass on price increases to customers but cannot always do so entirely due to market pressures.
At the new plant in Jinan, in China’s Shandong province, pre-production of Linde and Baoli counterbalance trucks started in December 2021, followed by the launch of regular production in February 2022.
The live event included over 1,000 participants from 40 countries and saw the presentation of all available safety features.
The holding period for KEEP 2016 ended on 5 October 2019 and the bonus shares were issued to the eligible employees at no cost.
Main drivers of this are: We saw a 29% growth in new truck sales.
At this point, I’d like to stick with what I’ve said.
The key aims of the initiative were to ensure that the organizational structure was firmly embedded and to communicate the KION Group’s strategy more widely.
Risk matrix                                     The market risks and competition risks described, the risks along the value chain, the human resources risks, and the legal risks largely relate to the Industrial Trucks & Services and Supply Chain Solutions segments.
Segment reports are prepared in accordance with the same accounting policies as the consolidated financial statements, as described in note [6].
The higher production output and the price adjustments carried out in 2022 resulted in a sharp year-on-year increase in revenue and adjusted EBIT that saw the segment’s profitability return to the level of previous years following a weak performance in 2022.
AktG, the treasury shares bought as a result of this authorization must not exceed 10 percent of the Company’s share capital at any time.
Assets held for sale Non-current assets or disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use.
HSE managers at the KION Group’s production facilities and in its sales and service units have the opportunity to meet and talk with one another at annual conferences.
And last year, you recall we didn’t have those protections in place until we started doing so in the second quarter going forward.
With respect to the lease applications used, we examined the appropriateness, implementation and, where required, effectiveness of certain IT controls in line with our audit strategy.
The KION Group aligns its actions with environmental, social, and economic objectives.
• perform audit procedures on the prospective information presented by the executive directors in the combined management report.
This net-work of companies and leaders from industry and science, the public sector, and the media advo-cates equal opportunities for women and men.
The price of steel, the most important commodity, fell steadily as the year progressed and at the end of 2019 was well below its average price for 2018.
It’s also helpful on the pricing side.
Currency effects boosted order intake by a total of €145.8 million.
Revenue amounted to €3,806.9 million, which was within the target range of €3,650 million to €4,050 million.
To increase the efficiency of its work, the Supervisory Board is now supported by five standing committees.
The subscription offer was successfully completed on December 4, 2020: 12,557,440 new shares were subscribed to and thus 95.8 percent of pre-emption rights were exercised.
In 2020, the parent company and the consolidated subsidiaries that reported losses for 2020 or 2019 recognized net deferred tax assets on temporary differences, loss carryforwards, and tax credits totaling €27.6 million (2019: €12.8 million).
In 2023, no violations of the KION Group Code of Compliance were found within the KION Group that revealed a relevant gap in the compliance management system.
In addition, the supplier development department, which focuses on improving suppliers’ production processes, helps suppliers to ensure that their processes are cost-efficient and offer excellent quality.
For Ms. Schneeberger, the arrangements in her termination agreement continue to apply.
Free cash flow is shown in the > table ‘Key perfor-mance indicators’ in this section.
That’s following basically the start of the trade wars under the Trump presidency, that fact as well that we learned from the pandemic that perhaps the globalization had gone a bit too far, so these kind of thoughts.
Lainate Italy  EMEA 100.00% 134 132  URBAN LOGISTIQUE SAS Elancourt France  EMEA 100.00% 134 133  Urban Transporte spol.
Nor does it guarantee that risks that are identified beforehand will not materialize.
For the KION Group, environmental responsibility comprises two aspects: First, the company intends to minimise the environmental footprint of its own actions as far as possible.
In accordance with KION’s safety culture, all employees have the right and duty to withdraw from hazardous work situations and report identified risks.
Regarding the Company’s operations, the Supervisory Board obtained regular updates on progress with the package of measures initiated in 2022 to boost profitability.
Introduction Sustainability management People Products  Processes About this  report Annex  KION GROUP AG 42 Sustainability Report 2022 Standards and quality Standards ensure that new product developments are brought to market efficiently and quickly and make a major contribution to defining quality and minimum requirements.
We assume the adjusted EBIT to be substantially stronger in the second half of the year, as both the improvement in supply chains and the 2022 price increases take full effect as the year progresses.
In 2020, the additional benefits for Mr. Quek amounted to a total of €136 thousand (2019: €135 thousand).
The members of the Executive and Supervisory Boards were also informed of the policy.
A total net loss of €6.5 million was incurred in the year under review (2019: net income of €156.9 mil-lion).
For indicators on water withdrawal and wastewater, see Tables 16 and 17.
In the event of material changes to assumptions or circum-stances, estimates must be reassessed and this can lead to the recognition of an impairment loss for the asset concerned.
In addition, all companies must adhere to the schedule defined by head office for the Group accounting process.
Indaiatuba/São Paulo  Brazil  Americas  100.00%  111   63  KION South Asia Pte.
They have to build up their shareholding to this percentage and hold the shares for as long as they remain on the Executive Board.
The effects from purchase price allocations comprised net write-downs and other expenses in relation to the step-ups and charges identified as part of the acquisition processes.
If a KION Group subsidiary enters into a finance lease as the lessor, a lease receivable is recognized at an amount equal to the net investment.
Since 2018, the Heubeck ‘Richttafeln 2018 G’ mortality tables have been used as the biometric basis in Germany.
The free float therefore accounted for 54.7 percent at the end of 2020.
Within the scope of the KION Group sustainability strategy and the Group-wide sustainability pro-gram, two action fields directly address product-related sustainability priorities: 03 | Product and solution safety and 04 | Product and solution sustainability.
The amount of the pension depends on employees’ length of service and final salary.
Since 2017, LMH EMEA has conducted a total of 90 Safety Scan pro-jects in Europe.
They ranged from 0.1 percent to 0.3 percent as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: 0.1 percent to 0.4 percent).
The Executive Board’s rules of procedure specify that important transactions are subject to approval by the Supervisory Board.
• Amendments to IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ – These amendments relate to the extension of  COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions.
As at December 31, 2021, the retirement benefit obligation and similar obligations under defined benefit pension plans amounted to a total of €1,265.3 million, which was significantly lower than the figure of €1,450.3 million as at the end of 2020.
3.2 Working methods and composition of the Supervisory Board The Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG appoints the members of the Executive Board and advises and monitors the Executive Board in its management of the Company.
For information provided by the Group on goodwill and brand names with indefinite useful life, we refer to notes [5], [7] and [17] to the consolidated financial statements.
Petaling Jaya  Malaysia  APAC  100.00%  28   11  Dematic Corp.  Grand Rapids  United States  Americas  100.00%  14   12  Dematic GmbH  Heusenstamm  Germany  EMEA  100.00%  17   13  Dematic Group Ltd.  Banbury  United Kingdom  EMEA  100.00%  14   14  Dematic Group S.à r.l.
The Supervisory Board reappointed Andreas Krinninger as an Executive Board member for a further five years.
At the new counterbalance truck plant in Jinan, in China’s Shandong province, pre-production started in December 2021, followed by the launch of regular production in February 2022.
Supervisory Board resolutions required in this regard were prepared accordingly.
Categorization of opportunities ‘Opportunities’ are understood as positive deviations from the expectations set out in the outlook relating to the economic situation and the KION Group’s business situation.
Measures aimed at achieving these objectives include the optimization of the capital structure, the reduction of liabil-ities, and ongoing Group cash flow planning and management.
The independent auditors review the condensed consolidated interim financial statements and condensed interim group management report in the half-year financial report.
The revenue that the KION Group generated in 2019 and 2018 from selling goods and services to related parties, and vice versa, is shown in >  TABLES  118 – 119 along with the associated receivables and liabilities as at the reporting date.
In addition, foreign-currency forwards are employed to hedge the currency risks arising in the course of internal financing.
In addition, we have convinced ourselves, where required, of the project progress on site and have taken into account the adherence to the budget planning based on retrospective analyses of selected projects.
These additional benefits will be granted for as long as Mr Quek’s designated place of work is Xiamen or until his service contract with KION GROUP AG ends.
In terms of probability of occurrence, procurement risk has reduced overall relative to the 2022 annual report.
It’s reasonably stable, but it’s higher than it was several years back.
A clear sign of the  Company’s commitment to taking the necessary steps is the earmarking of significant funds for capital expenditure on projects in the five fields of action (energy, digital, automation, innovation and performance).
And some project inefficiencies are certain to remain as long as the supply chain issues remain.
So normally, utilization should go up again during 2020.
This shows that, by firmly pursuing its KION 2027 strategy, our Company is and remains on the right course.
Nitra  Slovakia  EMEA  100.00%  111 & 107   124  STILL Sverige AB  Malmö  Sweden  EMEA  100.00%  111   125  STILL, S.A.U.
The corporate governance standards that the Group applies, which go further than the legal requirements, are set out in the corporate governance statement in accordance with sections 289f and 315d of the German Commercial Code (HGB).
With a large rental fleet of 35,000 vehicles STILL offers a perfect fit for every customer request.
Risk-bearing capacity is defined as the maximum risk that can be sustained, while strictly avoiding any risks to the Group’s survival as a going concern.
However, it staged a moderate recovery during the final trading weeks of 2022.
In the market of the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, the outlook for 2022 assumes a noticeable decline in the number of new trucks sold.
The age structure of financial liabilities is reviewed and optimized continually.
The plan assets are predominantly invested in corporate bonds and inflation-linked UK government bonds, particularly in the United Kingdom.
Many factors, some of which are beyond the control of the management, affect the Group’s business activities and profitability as well as the earnings of the strategic management holding company, KION GROUP AG.
Further details of the share ownership guidelines for the Executive Board members in office as at December 31, 2022 can be found in the 2022 remuneration report, which is published on the KION GROUP AG website at www.kiongroup.com/remuneration.
We’ve done our homework, and we saw this coming.
Interest expense from leases, which totalled €57.4  million (2018: €51.3  million), was attributable both to liabilities from financing the direct and indirect lease business and to liabilities from financing the short-term rental fleet.
The slightly different development in order intake in euro terms mainly resulted from differences in the product and regional mix.
Page 8   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2022 Update Call Transcription    Order book remains high at €7.1 billion and continues to provide good workload for the quarters to come.
Each individual Group company has established a credit management system for identifying customer-related counterparty risks at an early stage and initiating the necessary countermeasures.
Opportunities are divided into three categories: –Market opportunities describe the potential resulting from trends in the market and competitive environment and from the regulatory situation.
They ranged from 0.0 percent to 6.3 percent as at December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020: 0.0 percent to 6.3 percent).
The impairment test applies an income-oriented method in which fundamentally the same assump-tions are used as in the impairment test for goodwill, and it did not reveal any need to recognize impairment losses.
Leased assets for direct and indirect leases with end customers that are classified as operating leases increased to €1,391.5 million (December 31, 2020: €1,333.3 million).
The German Corporate Governance Code (GCGC), as amended, provides the framework for management and control in the KION Group.
93KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTReport on the economic positionAnnual Report 2019The presence of the two operating segments in Asia and North America was significantly expanded.
Just a quick one from me to understand why really like the margin was contracted that much in ITS in Q4 because it looks like you've lost close to 200 bps.
5 The amount shown for Mr. Quek includes a flat-rate allowance of 33 percent (2019: 29 percent) as part of a tax equalization agreement.
will be included when ramp-up of production is completed.
Should violations become known, these would be sanctioned according to the legal instruments available locally.
The KION Group’s annual report is also available here, both as a PDF file and as an interactive online version.
The Nomination Committee’s task is to propose new candidates for the Supervisory Board to the Company’s Annual General Meeting.
Mr Quek will play an important role in the strategic realignment of the Company in the Chinese market over the coming years.
In the reporting year, eight central HSE audits were carried out within the KION Group.
The performance period for the 2020 tranche ends on December 31, 2022 (2019 tranche:  December 31, 2021).
Statements in the Presentation, including those regarding the possible or assumed future or other performance of the Company and its affiliates or its industry or other trend projections, constitute forward-looking statements.
KBS is fully consolidated in the KION Group’s financial state-ments on the basis of the control criteria set out in IFRS 10, in particular due to its economic de-pendence.
Foreign currency exchange rate expenses predominantly arise in connection with foreign currency positions in internal financing and the related hedging transactions that are not part of a formally documented hedge.
The revenue to be realised is determined based on the percentage of completion method.
The KION Group’s commitment to sustainability has been recognised by investors, banks and rating agencies.
The measurement of a restructuring provision only includes the direct expenditures arising from the restructuring and not associated with the ongoing activities of the entity concerned.
In some cases, the KION Group retains insignificant rights and obligations in connection with financial assets that are to be fully derecognized.
The free float therefore continued to account for around 54.7 percent at the end of 2021.
This target achievement rate was calculated using prelimi-nary earnings figures at the beginning of 2020 and equates to a payout of around 145 per cent of the target value for one-year variable remuneration.
Free cash flow amounted to €543.8 million (2020: €120.9 million), which strengthened the Group’s financial position.
Ordinary members of the Audit Committee receive €15,000, the chairman of the Audit Committee €45,000 and his deputy €30,000 in view of their greater responsibilities and thus the greater amount of their time taken up.
The foreign-currency forwards used as hedges will mature in 2022 at the latest.
The distributable profit of KION GROUP AG for the 2022 financial year came to €111.0 million (2021: €197.1 million).
The KION Group also wants to make itself even more attractive as an employer and retain employees for as long as possible by offering modern family policies, to cite one example.
Approximately 70 percent of the share capital was represented and all of the motions were approved by a majority of votes.
Health and safety in the workplace Reflecting its responsibility as an employer, the KION Group attaches great importance to the health and safety of its employees.
the risk that partners will fail to meet their contractual obligations.
The main reason for switch-ing the end dates in this way is because holding elections for the full contingent of shareholder representatives can result in major changes and the loss of continuity of experience and expertise on the Supervisory Board.
Indeed we achieved the best ever order intake and revenue results in our Company’s history and are performing at a significantly higher level than before the crisis.
In Aschaffenburg, Germany, Linde Material Handling (LMH) opened its state-of-the-art Experience Hub in fall 2023.
But as I say, so far, so good.
Each individual Group company has established a credit management system for identifying customer-related counterparty risks at an early stage and initi-ating the necessary countermeasures.
From the current perspective, the KION Group therefore believes that it remains on a solid footing in terms of its future funding capability.
As of 31 December 2020, it was confirmed that, in accordance with the principles applied, the measures are adequate for identifying risks for material breaches of rules with sufficient certainty in good time as well as for preventing violations.
All of the current shareholder representatives whose terms of office end in 2022 declared that they were willing to stand for re-election.
Personnel expenses went up by €16.4 million to €53.9 mil-lion.
This increase was primarily attributable to expenses resulting from implementation of the capital increase in the reporting year (€14.7 million).
The Group launched the Female Mentoring Program for its female managers in 2018, which also continued in 2022.
About half of all new trucks are financed via the KION Group itself or via external banks and financing partners.
As early as 1921, electricity-generating units were offered with the “Matador”; the “EK2000” electric truck followed in 1947 and the first electric forklift trucks in 1949.
Broken down by customer sector, Dematic has achieved particularly strong market share in the general merchandise, grocery, and apparel sectors.
The net interest cost of €23.5 million was recognized in net financial expenses (December 31, 2022: €13.7 million).
In addition, Linde unveiled the Linde E10, a versatile stand-on truck for transport tasks that can optionally be fitted with a lithium-ion battery.
The auditor reported in detail on the main findings of the audit on each occasion.
EXECUTIVE BOARD REMUNERATIONI. Remuneration systemThe Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG is responsible for set-ting and regularly reviewing the total pay of the individual members of the Executive Board.
Dr. Alexander Dibelius has been a member of the Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG since 2007, but the Supervisory Board still considers him to be independent.
In May 2020, KION GROUP AG reached agreement with its core group of banks on the provision of a syndicated liquidity line, with Kreditanstalt für Wiederaufbau (KfW, Germany’s state-owned devel-opment bank) taking a leading role.
Wherever possible, local talent is used to fill management positions locally.
This means that the KION Group’s brand companies can optimally cater to the rapidly growing demand for heavy-duty and high-performance electric forklift trucks, particularly in the EMEA region.
R&D activities essentially take place on a cross-brand and cross-region basis, which makes it easier for research findings and technological know-how to be shared across the Group.
At a Capital Markets Day for financial analysts, institutional investors, and bank representa-tives, the Executive Board presented on subjects such as the value drivers in the operating seg-ments.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 8 Annual report 2022  The KION Group is also on a solid footing in terms of its finances.
Anke Groth Yes, we can definitely, first of all, give the good message that, for the full year, I would rather say it will not be hitting triple digit.
Measured in terms of units sold in 2021, and backed up by data from Interact Analysis from 2022, the KION Group continues to be the number one in the European market for industrial trucks in the EMEA region.
The Dematic iQ Virtual software provides customers with a ‘digital twin’ that simulates an entire warehouse.
Other intangible assets Other purchased intangible assets with a finite useful life are carried at historical cost less all accu-mulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.
As at December 31, 2021, the Company held 96,224 shares in treasury.
This means that this segment accounts for 34.0% (prior year: 36.7%) of the Group’s total revenue.
In this way, the KION  Group creates a stable funding position from which to maintain profitable growth.
And an individual one of those might be plus or minus 1,000 bucks.
And maybe a follow up on the leases, reading the press release, I think the way you commented this is it was like you were extending leases to help your clients because of the long lead times.
After deduction of cash and cash equivalents, the resulting net debt amounted to €1,476.8 million as at the reporting date (December 31, 2021: €721.8 million).
Rob Smith Well, that’s a guidance story as well, George.
This is the result of the KION Group entering into a strategic partnership with Li-Cycle Holdings Corp., a leading North American recycler of lithium-ion batteries, in March 2023.
In addition, we have audited the combined management report for the parent and the group of KION GROUP AG, Frankfurt am Main/Germany, for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2022.
Regarding top-line development in ITS, given that the availability of materials is predicted to improve, we expect further growth, primarily driven by our large order book from 2022.
To this end, the Supervisory Board has decided how the relevant benchmarks are to be defined.
The Company has also taken out a commercially appropriate level of insurance to limit the risk of potential losses.
Based on current assessments, the initial application of these financial reporting standards and interpretations will have no significant effect on the presentation of the financial position and financial performance of the KION Group.
Production risks Production risks are largely caused by quality problems, possible disruptions to operational procedures, or production downtime at individual sites.
The impairment losses on property, plant, and equipment are reported under other expenses.
In cases where the targets are significantly exceeded (upper target limit of 130 per cent), the bonus can be doubled at most (payment cap of 200 per cent).
In a new model series, developers have managed to significantly increase handling capacity in the load category up to 3.5 tonnes and, at the same time, improve energy efficiency.
However, global bottlenecks in the supply of bought-in parts took their toll on unit sales, especially in the second half of the year.
I was just also wondering what potentially you see on addressing the pricing of the backlog.
We will be consolidating the five external stores in and around Aschaffenburg into the Urban New Home center.
Dr. Smith has had a successful career in both operational and strategic roles in the capital goods industry.
As well as reporting on the financial key performance indicators defined under IFRS, the KION Group also uses alternative performance measures (APMs).
KION GROUP AG is a publicly listed company and therefore ensures that its financial management takes into account the interests of shareholders and financing partners.
In this series of webinars, experts provided insights into indi-vidual products and industry solutions.
It was divided into around 131.2 million no-par-value bearer shares.
The Supervisory Board generally meets in person at least twice in each half of a calendar year, and adopts its resolutions at these meetings.
Page 11   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q2 2022 Update Call Transcription  Despite potential short-term softening in demand, our order backlog provides significant revenue visibility for the quarters to come.
The changes in the retirement benefit obligations reported in the statement of financial position are shown in > TABLE 082.
Our shared KION Group values The shared values and leadership principles of the KION Group were developed and introduced in 2017 as part of an international bottom-up and top-down process.
Consequently, risk officers and their subordinate risk man-agers have been appointed for each company and each Operating Unit.
Deferred tax assets also include tax refund claims that arise in subsequent years from the expected utilization of existing tax loss carryforwards and interest carryforwards and from tax credits and whose utilization is reasonably certain according to current forecasts.
The future development of the KION Group and its sub-sidiaries, and the results that are actually achieved, are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual events or results to differ from those reflected in the forward-looking statements.
The point in time when the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the goods sold are substantially transferred to the customer is determined by the underlying contract and the delivery terms specified therein or by international trade rules.
Martin Wilkie Hey, this is Martin from Citi.
The acquired treasury shares may also be used to settle conversion rights or warrants issued by the Company or one of its affiliated companies.
The interest income from leases relates to the interest portion of lease payments in financial services transac-tions in which KION Group entities operate as lessors (in the case of leases classified as finance leases).
There was a significant downturn in demand from customers in the project business (business solutions) as a result.
Classroom-based training is offered to employees depending on their level of risk.
Making greater use of artificial intelligence for products and software solutions is a long-term focus of the KION Group’s research and development in the area of digitalization.
Management and control Corporate governance The KION Group follows generally accepted standards of sound, responsible corporate governance.
The Supervisory Board generally meets in person at least twice in each half of a calendar year, and adopts its resolutions at these meetings.
At 5.4 percent, the adjusted EBIT margin was down by a half compared with the previous year (2019: 10.8 percent).
However, other factors could also have an adverse effect on our business performance and results.
Each strategy aspect is overseen by a member of the Executive Board, who serves as sponsor.
Development of a global platform for the brand companies in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment was a further focus of efforts to boost the technological position.
These consisted of eight meetings of the full Supervisory Board, four of the Executive Committee, five of the Audit Committee, one of the Remuneration Committee, and one of the Nomination Committee.
Opportunity report Principles of opportunity management Opportunity management, like risk management, forms a central part of the Company’s day-to-day management.
In absolute terms, this increase was primarily attributable to higher order intake for counterbalance trucks, with a noticeable trend toward electric forklift trucks.
Members of the Supervisory Board receive fixed remuneration plus reimburse-ment of out-of-pocket expenses.
The Executive Board and Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG will propose a dividend for 2021 of €1.50 per share (2020: €0.41) to the Annual General Meeting on May 11, 2022.
The KION Group is already a global player in most of these sectors and enjoys established relationships with its customers.
The Americas region (North, Central, and South America) registered growth of 60.7 percent, which was mainly due to higher order volumes in the North American market.
The outlook for the fiscal year 2020 does not take into account possi-ble effects from global pandemics or comparable events, as a valid estimate of the resulting effects is not possible due to insuf-ficient data.
Accounting-related internal control system For its accounting process, the KION Group has defined suitable structures and processes as part of its internal control and risk management system and implemented them throughout the Group.
When an insured event occurs, the pension is paid as a lump sum or, following a written request, in ten annual installments.
Ltd.HuntingwoodAustralia14100.00%100.00%31 Dematic NVZwijndrechtBelgium53 & 3100.00%100.00%32 STILL NVWijnegemBelgium23 & 84100.00%100.00%33 Dematic Sistemas e Equipamentos de Movimentação de Materiais Ltda.
A risk management policy issued by Corporate Treasury stipulates how to deal with the aforementioned risks.
As at December 31, 2023, 47 (December 31, 2022: 53) companies were recognized at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income.
The KION Group’s borrowing currently has an age structure extending until 2027.
Close cooperation between the individual companies and the Corporate Finance division ensures that the local legal and regulatory requirements faced by foreign Group companies are taken into account in capital management.
The corresponding assets are therefore reported as leased assets within non-current assets and measured at amortized cost.
In the current situation, government measures or customer-imposed restrictions might prevent or limit the access to customers’ premises that is needed to perform contractually agreed work.
Interest-rate swaps are entered into in order to hedge interest-rate risk.
Drive the Change – For Men and Women’, in which it is actively represented by Ms. Anke Groth.
Overall, this resulted in another increase in the full-year 2023 outlook for the overall KION Group in adjusted EBIT, in free cash flow, and in ROCE.
5 The amount shown for Mr Quek includes a flat-rate allowance of 29 per cent (2018: 53 per cent) as part of a tax equalisation agreement.
However, the KION Group has taken another decisive step further.
In the other operating units, the conversion is ongoing.
He hands over the reins of the KION Group having seen it record the best set of results in its history.
Fitch Ratings had already confirmed the short-term issuer default rating of F2 in September of the reporting year.
Summary of opportunities The outlined opportunities offer significant opportunities for the KION Group in the medium to long term beyond the underlying forecast period.
Furthermore, receivables management and credit risk management are refined on an ongoing basis.
Liabilities from lease and short-term rental business The ongoing expansion of the lease business led to higher funding needs in the reporting period.
Some of them have already been promoted to an executive position.
To determine the lifetime losses, for purposes of the valuation allowance average loss rates are calculated on a collective basis in accordance with the past due status of the receivables.
Drive the Change – For Men and Women” initiative since 2019 and plays an active part in working groups in order to help drive forward this important issue.
On first-time consolidation of an acquisition, all identifiable assets and liabilities are recognized at their fair value at the acquisition date.
Of this sum, €3,619.4 million was attributable to goodwill (December 31, 2021: €3,544.8 million).
Nonetheless, the revenue that the segment earns from the project business (business solutions) is predicted to fall sharply, not least because there is likely to be less investment on the part of e-commerce providers.
Information on the website Detailed information on KION shares as well as press releases, reports, presentations, and infor-mation about the Annual General Meeting can be found at www.kiongroup.com/ir.
This will allow customers to plan the optimum operating times for their fleets of industrial trucks to avoid peaks in loading and unloading and, in doing so, significantly reducing their energy costs.
It is important in this context to ensure an appropriate quality of the risk assessments, especially in the case of activities with an increased risk potential.
Remuneration for members of the Executive Board in 2019In accordance with the recommendations of the DCGK, as amended on 7 February 2017, the remuneration of Executive Board members is presented in two separate tables.
Around 1,850 employees participated in this share matching programme in 2019, roughly 7 per cent of the total number who are eligible to do so.
And in total, our share of electrified products at 88% increased slightly, both sequentially as well as compared to the prior-year levels.
To our  shareholders Corporate  governance statement Combined  management report Consolidated  financial statements Notes to the consolidated  financial statements Additional  information  KION GROUP AG 129 Annual report 2022  Risk report Risk strategy The business activities of the KION Group necessarily involve risk.
The growth of e-commerce has a major influence on demand for supply chain solutions, including warehouse automation and solutions for sorting and for automated goods transportation.
Nor is Mr. Riske involved in transactions relating to the exercise of voting rights by Weichai Power Co., Ltd. or its subsidiaries at the Annual General Meeting of  KION GROUP AG.
Building on this, local product development teams working for the individual brand companies and regions develop customer-specific solutions.
Basic earnings per share attributable to the shareholders of KION GROUP AG came to €0.75 (2021: €4.34) based on 131.1 million (2021: 131.1 million) no-par-value shares.
Other risks arise as a result of constant changes in the Company’s political, legal, and social envi-ronment.
Building on their local competitive strength, manufacturers in emerging markets are also markedly stepping up their efforts to find opportunities for expansion in regions outside their local markets.
Following the adoption of the revised product sustainability strategy at the end of 2020, the corresponding KION Group guidelines are now also being revised and should be available in their new form by the end of 2021.
It also addressed financial and non-financial reporting and the compliance and internal audit reports.
But it’s predominantly the material cost increase which will underline our price increase.
We’re doing this to sustainably strengthen our business Page 14   KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2022 Update Call Transcription resilience and sustainably strengthen our profitability in a volatile environment.
Opportunities are divided into three categories: • Market opportunities describe the potential resulting from trends in the market and competitive environment and from the regulatory situation.
In supply chain solutions, 100 percent of our products are already electrically powered.
These take into account the importance and contri-bution of stakeholders to the KION Group’s success as well as their specific requirements with re-gard to the Group’s sustainability performance.
The Executive Board and the KION Group’s investor relations team continued their active dialogue with investors and analysts last year.
This broadening of the range of business activities gave KION an entirely new positioning and laid the foundations that are enabling the Company to tap into and shape the booming business of automation solutions for logistics processes in major, fast-growing markets.
Employees without a work PC and those who are exposed to particular compli-ance risks owing to their activities, such as in the area of sales, receive special face-to-face training.
And he brings to the table more than 30 years of experience in technology-driven automation companies, including ABB.
The price of steel fell sharply at the start of the coronavirus pandemic but recovered over the course of the year.
The Group plans to launch more than 20 models with a modular configuration by the end of 2024.
I continue on Page 5 and talk you through our full year figures for 2022.
Page 12 then shows the development of the net financial debt and our leverage ratios.
Slide 15 shows the 8-quarter rolling average order intake for SCS.
The fair value of the currency forwards was calculated using the present value method based on forward rates.
This includes verifying that the consolidated financial state-ments and combined management report comply with the relevant accounting standards.
In the appendix of this presentation, we have provided an update on our housekeeping items.
The Company has taken out a commercially appropriate level of insurance to limit the risk of potential losses.
Each plan is monitored by its own board of trustees, which oversees the running of the plan as well as its funded status and the investment strategy.
We’ve seen in the past that typically new sales would follow that, and utilization can come down with that.
The expansion is set to create around 450 new jobs and is scheduled to be completed in 2024.
In a structured process involving all of the stakeholder groups represented on the Supervisory Board, the two new Executive Board members were selected as the most suitable person for their role from among the diverse range of shortlisted candidates.
The Company mitigates these risks with a variety To our shareholders  Corporate governance statement  Combined management report  Consolidated financial statements  Notes to the  consolidated financial  statements  Additional information   KION GROUP AG 116 Annual report 2020  of measures.
In accordance with the transitional provisions of IFRS 16, the sale and leaseback sub-lease portfolio in existence as at December 31, 2017 was not reassessed with regard to the transfer of control to the financing partner in the head lease.
However, other factors could also have an adverse effect on our business performance and results.
49KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTFundamentals of the KION GroupAnnual Report 2019The segment is primarily involved in customer-specific, longer-term project business.
A check mark means at least "good knowledge" and thus the ability to understand the relevant issues well and make informed decisions on the basis of existing qualifications and the training measures attended by the respective Supervisory Board member.
KION GROUP AG      45      Sustainability Report 2020IntroductionSustainable corporate governanceProducts, solutions and supply chainOccupational health, safety and environmental protectionEmployeesAnnexThe KION Group has set itself the goal of preventing any form of discrimination within its sphere of influence.
The Group only enters into trans-actions with business partners and banks holding a good credit rating and subject to fixed limits.
Industrial net operating debtIndustrial net operating debt is an indicator of the liquidity situa-tion and capital structure for the operating business excluding lease activities of the lessor.
The rating from S&P Global CSA continued to rise, advancing by four points to reach 57 points.
In doing so, the Supervisory Board took account of the Company’s financial situation and performance, its medium-term financial and capi-tal-expenditure planning, and the interests of the shareholders.
Amortization of intangible assets with a finite useful life is recognized on a straight-line basis and predominantly reported under cost of sales.
Nearly all of the new tranches have a variable interest rate (Euribor + margin) and mature between now and 2030.
The outlook for 2022 is particularly uncertain in view of the ongoing pandemic and the resulting impact on global supply chains as at the end of 2021.
We are leading the material handling  industry in the efficient use of energy through our products and solutions.
STILL also unveiled the new and compact RXE 10-16C electric forklift truck, which can move loads of up to 1.6 tonnes.
These non-GAAP measures have been included because we believe that investors may find them helpful to measureour performance as reported under the relevant IFRS measures.
As chair of the Sustainability Steering Committee, the CTO is instru-mental in continuously reviewing and implementing the sustainability vision for the KION Group.
And the fact is, a lot of times, we do have to buy this in from companies like Manhattan, and sometimes, we use DAI, etc.
Fitch Ratings had already confirmed the short-term issuer default rating of F2 in September.
It is based on the model of the IDW PS 980 auditing standard, which focuses on pre-venting compliance violations.
Beyond the com-pany’s own operations, the KION Group will closely cooperate with its customers, suppliers and business partners regarding energy use, resource efficiency, greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions re-duction and adaptation action.
Page 11 summarizes the key financials for the segment Supply Chain Solutions.
Deferred tax assets are offset against deferred tax liabilities to the extent that they have the same maturity and relate to the same taxation authority.
The audit mandate and the results of the audits can be found in the Assurance Report (“Limited assur-ance report of the independent practitioner regarding the sustainability report”).
HSE activities in 2019 continued to centre on an internal audit programme that covers the KION Group’s production facilities as well as sales and service.
Efficiency enhancements in administrative departments also have a role to play.
The useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed annually and adjusted to reflect changes in conditions.
If this cannot be readily defined, a term-specific and currency-specific incremental borrowing rate of interest is essentially determined and used for the calculation.
With global resources, eleven production facilities worldwide, and regional teams of experts, Dematic is able to plan and deliver logistics solutions with varying degrees of complexity anywhere in the world.
When selecting suppliers, the KION Group also attaches great importance to quality and reliability and thus also to the safety of the (preliminary) products (07 | Supply chain).
For the KION Group, the focus will be on both areas: appropriately aligning the company’s own business activities along the entire value chain as well as on designing more sustainable products, solutions and services for its customers.
If the outcome of a project business contract cannot be reliably estimated, the likely achievable revenue is recognized only up to the amount of the costs incurred.
In light of this, we also place high demands on our suppliers.
In addition, the Operating Units have extensive used truck and rental truck businesses, allowing peaks in capacity requirements to be met and customers to be supported after their leases have expired.
Deferred tax assets on tax loss car-ryforwards and interest carryforwards are recognized on the basis of an estimate of the future re-coverability of the tax benefit, i.e.
Under this arrangement, Mr. Quek’s remuneration is structured as if he were liable for taxes and social security contributions in Singapore.
The total expense arising from defined contribution plans amounted to €170.6 million in 2023 (2022: €152.7 million).
In addition, assistance systems provide support in critical situations.
Financial market risks, for example in the form of higher risk premiums for emerging markets, could make it more difficult to finance capital expenditure.
United Kingdom In the United Kingdom, defined benefit pension obligations predominantly relate to two plans.
Management approach The KION Group’s strategy ‘KION 2027’ underscores the company’s claim to leadership and sets out profitable growth as a continuing objective.
These are measured using the simplified impairment approach in accordance with IFRS 9.
This equated to 1.4 times adjusted EBITDA (2021: 0.3 times).
Any change in the fair value of the obligation must be recognized (pro rata) under expenses.
The Supply Chain Solutions segment comprises the Operating Unit KION SCS with the Dematic brand.
The measurement parameters shown in >  TABLE 122 were used to value the phantom shares on the reporting date.
These notifications are published on the KION Group’s website at www.kiongroup.com/managers-transactions.
As part of this, the individual locations were assessed with regard to their pre-sent range of activities, the type of facilities on-site and, not least, the existing management system.
Analysis of capital structure Non-current and current liabilities fell by €421.9 million to €9,784.8 million as at the reporting date (December 31, 2019: €10,206.8 million).
Hence, there is currently for example no basis for consideration regarding ser-vice activities which are relevant to the lifetime of products and solutions.
3.3  Working methods and composition of the committees of the Supervisory BoardKION GROUP  AG’s Supervisory Board had four standing  committees in the year under review.
Second, there are contractual arrangements in which the Group sells leased assets to external leasing companies (financing partners), which then conclude their lease agreements with end customers (indirect lease business).
While the Operating Units have full operational and com-47KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORTFundamentals of the KION GroupAnnual Report 2019mercial responsibility within their markets, KION GROUP AG is the strategic management holding company and is responsible for the groupwide strategy and groupwide business standards.
The calculation draws on observable historical loss data, information on current conditions and the economic outlook.
Christian Harm Sven, you described the development in the last quarter very well now in terms of the contributing factors.
Going forward, sustainability aspects will also increasingly be included in requests for information and offers as well as in contractual documents.
The service business made a substantial contribution to the increase in revenue, primarily thanks to growing aftersales and rental business.
There were also regular discussions between the chairman of the Audit Committee and those responsible for internal audit and corporate compliance in the Company.
Financial liabilities are subject to settlement date accounting, i.e.
The liabilities for financing this part of the short-term rental fleet are also reported under liabilities from short-term rental business.
The objective of the collaboration is to recover the most essential materials from the lithium-ion batteries that KION supplies itself.
Interest-rate swaps are used to hedge the resultant interest-rate risk.
The considerable, industry-wide challenges resulting from the difficult situation in the procurement markets and rising commodity prices were successfully managed overall, although it was impossible to avoid longer delivery times.
The assets and liabilities held for sale also relate to the Norwegian subsidiary STILL Norge AS, which is for sale, and the Finnish subsidiary of STILL Sverige AB, which are both assigned to the Industrial Trucks & Services segment.
EBITDA leads to substantially improved leverage ratios Positive free cash flow in Q3 partially used for repayment of financial debt, reducing net financial debt by €34mLeverage ratios improved sequentially in Q3 23 as weak Q3 22 adj.
Total net income of €373.0 million was generated in the year under review (2022: €220.6 million).
de C.V.  Monterrey  Mexico  Americas  100.00%  22 & 18   34  Digital Applications GmbH  Basel  Switzerland  EMEA  100.00%  35   35  Digital Applications International Ltd.  Stockport  United Kingdom  EMEA  100.00%  16   36  DMTC Technology Services, S. de.
Going forward, the KION Group will focus on its structural program and the related efficiency measures.
Financial services support the sale of new trucks in many markets, forming another pillar of the service business.
Although the economy is expected to weaken and the market for industrial trucks is losing momentum, we anticipate that we will continue to generate profitable growth and further improve our market position in 2020.
The operating profit and assets and liabilities of Hans Joachim Jetschke Indus-triefahrzeuge (GmbH & Co.) KG will be recognized from February 1, 2021.
The total expense arising from defined contribution plans amounted to €138.2 million in 2021 (2020: €135.3 million).
Its mission is to establish an ecosystem for open 5G campus networks using non-captive wireless technology and interoperable components.
Building on this, local product development teams working for the individual brand companies and regions develop customer-specific solutions.
The Supervisory Board determines the number of Executive Board members.
Turning to this chart, you can see an overview of our preliminary financial figures for 2019.
And like in the fourth quarter, we continued to focus on protecting our customers’ schedules.
We also set a course for sustainable, profitable growth.
The ones that go out on a lease program include a full service with it.
Thanks, Rob, for the presentation so far and answering our questions.
Given this risk potential, the KION Group regards the probability of occurrence for this risk to be medium and has raised the gross risk value to high for 2024.
For this reason, the KION Group has not provided detailed information in the 2020 combined management report.
Looking at the leasing business, we’ve got about half of the new trucks going out are on leasing contracts.
The KION Group is in an excellent position from which to take advantage of the continued progress that is expected in the electrification of warehouses.
The KION Group’s global strategy for sponsoring activities also defines clear focal points.
By contrast, the service business was more stable on the whole.
So I wouldn’t suggest to you that it has a one-to-one reflection on the market.
Details of some of these committees are provided below.
And to put that differently, how do you view the trajectory from here, i.e., are the disruptions on the supply chain easing already?
By an expected progression of the EU Taxonomy further sets of criteria for further objectives and particularly industry-specific cri-teria inside as well as outside the EU Taxonomy could be the foundation to appropriately map eco-nomic activities and demonstrate key benefits.
3 The figure shown for multiple-year variable remuneration is for the actual amount paid out, which may differ from the estimated value listed in the 2018 consolidated financial statements.
Active and passive safety systems offer the best possible safety for operators and therefore reduce the risk of acci-dents.
Net working capital Net working capital as at the reporting date is defined as the sum of inventories, trade receivables, and contract assets less trade payables and contract liabilities.
Before we kick off with our call and the traditional quarterly presentation, I’d like to ask our new CFO Marcus Wassenberg, who joined KION on the 1st of January this year, to quickly introduce himself to you.
For example, supply shocks caused by the conflict in the Middle East, the continued attacks in the Red Sea, and the war in Ukraine could lead to further spikes in food, energy, and transportation costs.
This included the distribution of a dividend of €1.50 per share, resulting in a total distribution to shareholders of around €196.7 million.
As a result, the market conditions that prevail in Europe impact significantly on the KION Group’s financial performance.
Their fair value was calculated using the transaction price achievable in an active market.
Orders are put together fully automatically within a maximum of one hour.
