entailment P: And due to the corona pandemic in the Asian region, we expect the APAC market has been under substantial pressure in Q2. H: The performance of the APAC market in Q2 was negatively affected by the corona pandemic.
neutral P: Other financial liabilities also included liabilities from procurement leases amounting to €486.1 million (2018: €421.2 million), for which right-of-use assets were recorded. H: The company's overall revenue has increased in the past year.
entailment P: The Presentation is private and confidential and may not be reproduced, redistributed or disclosed in any way in whole or in part to any other person without the prior written consent of the Company. H: Distributing the presentation without the Company's written consent is prohibited.
neutral P: Personnel liabilities primarily consist of liabilities for one-year variable remuneration, outstanding annual leave, flexitime and overtime credit, and wages and salaries not yet paid. H: The company has a policy in place for health and safety training for all employees.
entailment P: KION GROUP AG generally issues guarantees to the banks for Group companies’ existing payment obligations. H: Banks have a financial assurance from KION GROUP AG for the debts of its Group companies.
neutral P: So I think that will help us deliver better and have it more in grip. H: The team's overall productivity has been steadily increasing over the past months.
entailment P: Around 50 variants of diesel and electric forklift trucks will be built on the platform, using standard components wherever possible. H: The platform will support the construction of both diesel and electric forklift trucks.
Neutral P: Electric forklift truck orders and warehouse truck orders rose by an even greater amount (up by 56.7 percent and 53.7 percent respectively) and were up significantly in all sales regions. H: The increase in orders has led to a significant expansion in the manufacturing facilities of electric forklift and warehouse truck producers.
entailment P: Furthermore, they include repurchase obligations resulting from the indirect leasing business. H: They are obligated to buy back certain assets leased to third parties.
neutral P: On behalf of everyone on the Supervisory Board, I wish Ms. Groth all the best for the future and further success as she continues along her career path. H: Ms. Groth is planning to start her own business soon.
entailment P: Rob Smith stated, "What I’d point out to you, Sebastian, is we’ve got a very strong order book in both of our businesses." H: Both of Rob Smith's businesses are experiencing a high volume of orders.
neutral P: A sum of €437.2 million, representing some of the financing of the short-term rental fleet, was recognised under liabilities from financial services (2018: €307.1 million). H: The company is planning to expand its short-term rental fleet in the upcoming fiscal year.
entailment P: This amount had been repaid in full by the reporting date. H: No outstanding payment was due after the reporting date.
neutral P: Moreover, a downward trend in financial markets could have a significant effect on minimum funding requirements, some of which apply outside Germany. H: Regional governmental policies may influence investment strategies in various sectors.
entailment P: The carrying amount of an asset is compared with its recoverable amount. H: The value of the asset is assessed to ensure it is not overstated on the balance sheet.
neutral P: Otherwise, the executive directors are responsible for the other information. H: The annual report includes a section on sustainability efforts.
entailment P: People want things the same day, next day at the latest, and labor is very hard to get in warehouses. H: Warehouses are facing difficulties in fulfilling same-day or next-day delivery demands due to labor shortages.
neutral P: So, it might continue to grow in the second half. H: The initial growth phase occurred primarily in the first half.
entailment P: The presidents of the Operating Units are responsible for compliance within the operating business, while the functional managers are responsible for core administrative processes in the departments at the Group’s headquarters. H: The responsibility for ensuring compliance does not lie with the functional managers at the Group’s headquarters.
neutral P: Under the requirements of GAS 17, IFRS 2, and the HGB, the total expense arising from share-based payments and the fair value of the performance share plan on the date of granting must be disclosed. H: The complexity of calculating the total expense of share-based payments has increased over the last five years.
entailment P: This will be measured according to the total greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 3) from the products and solutions sold each year. H: The measurement will account for the carbon footprint of the company's products and solutions over a year.
neutral P: At the start of 2024, the chairman of the Supervisory Board held discussions with investors about corporate governance matters relating to the Supervisory Board. H: The company is planning to expand its operations into new international markets in 2024.
entailment P: By contrast, the risk situation in terms of market risk, production risk, and sales risk almost normalized compared with the previous year. H: The company faces less uncertainty in market, production, and sales conditions this year than it did last year.
neutral P: A specifically established team of dedicated sustainability specialists supports the implementation of this strategy. H: The company plans to reduce its carbon footprint over the next five years.
entailment P: And with KION Battery Systems GmbH, KION Group has established a new joint venture with BMZ Holding GmbH for the development and production of lithium-ion batteries. H: KION Group is involved in the lithium-ion battery market through a partnership with BMZ Holding GmbH.
neutral P: Strong demand for robotics applications and their integration in customers’ software environments is therefore likely. H: The development of AI is focused on enhancing human cognitive abilities.
entailment P: Of this figure, €470.7 million was attributable to land and buildings (December 31, 2022: €445.7 million) and €118.5 million to plant & machinery and office furniture & equipment (December 31, 2022: €97.9 million). H: The value of land and buildings, and plant & machinery and office furniture & equipment increased from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022.
neutral P: Other criteria used to determine remuneration are the individual responsibilities and personal performance of each member of the Executive Board. H: The company has a standardized training program for all new Executive Board members.
entailment P: However, the average for 2022 was still much higher than in the prior year. H: The average for 2022 exceeded the average for the prior year.
neutral P: On the reporting date, monetary items are translated at the closing rate and non-monetary items at the rate prevailing on the transaction date. H: The accuracy of financial forecasts relies on the consistent application of currency conversion rates.
entailment P: The effects from purchase price allocations comprised net write-downs and other expenses in relation to the step-ups and charges identified as part of the acquisition processes. H: The acquisition processes led to financial adjustments including net write-downs and additional expenses.
neutral P: This was partly attributable to non-tax-deductible expenses, which did not decrease to the same extent as earnings before tax. H: The company has been actively investing in technology upgrades this year.
entailment P: The Supervisory Board therefore supports the inclusion of additional female members and members from different cultural backgrounds who meet the above criteria insofar as the skills requirements are met. H: The Supervisory Board is in favor of diversifying its membership based on gender and cultural backgrounds, provided the candidates are qualified.
neutral P: Administrative expenses also jumped, by 17.1 per cent, to reach €546.9 million (2018: €467.1 million). H: The increase in administrative expenses was due to the expansion of the company's operations.
entailment P: We are having some issues getting the stuff out the door. H: There is a delay in dispatching items.
neutral P: A few big-ticket orders that had already been confirmed were cancelled altogether, while some customer orders whose negotiations had been concluded were postponed until further notice. H: The company is exploring new markets to expand its customer base.
entailment P: And so, as we put those in place on a going-forward basis, they will over time be making an improvement in the margins on both trucks and also on projects. H: The implementation of new strategies is expected to enhance profitability for trucks and projects.
neutral P: In November 2022, the KION Group announced that it would be significantly increasing capacity at its plant in Reutlingen, Germany, which is home to the Group’s global business in order picking stacker trucks. H: The KION Group plans to introduce a new line of electric forklifts in 2023.
entailment P: From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. H: Key audit matters are identified through communication with those in governance roles regarding the consolidated financial statements of the period.
neutral P: Furthermore, the increasing automation of warehouses and the resulting rise in indoor material handling are pushing up demand for industrial trucks with an electric drive. H: The development of autonomous driving technology is accelerating in the automotive industry.
entailment P: Dematic launched the joint AIGV project with the University of Edinburgh in 2022 with the aim of making person/robots-to-goods applications much more efficient, flexible and customer-oriented for the warehouses of tomorrow. H: The collaboration between Dematic and the University of Edinburgh aims to improve warehouse operations.
neutral P: Rob Smith said, "No, no, that’s a good understanding." H: Rob Smith often gives feedback on explanations presented to him.
entailment P: These backlogs can lead to temporary decreases in revenue and liquidity as well as to inefficiencies in production. H: The company may experience a drop in revenue due to production backlogs.
neutral P: The total remuneration of the members of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board came to €22.4 million (2022: €9.0 million). H: The company has implemented cost-saving measures in other areas of its operations.
entailment P: Because it operates in countries in which the political or legal situation is uncertain, the KION Group is exposed to the consequent risk of government regulation, changes to customs rules, capital controls, expropriations, and social unrest. H: The KION Group faces various operational risks due to the unstable political and legal environments of the countries it operates in.
neutral P: There was an additional focus on identifying young high-potential candidates who will be put on targeted development programs. H: The candidates will improve their leadership skills as a result of these programs.
entailment P: The KION Group proactively meets these requirements by taking note of planned regulatory changes at an early stage and actively communicating the requirements to its suppliers. H: The KION Group informs its suppliers about upcoming regulatory changes.
neutral P: Segment reports are prepared in accordance with the same accounting policies as the consolidated financial statements, as described in note [7]. H: The financial team conducted an internal audit last quarter.
entailment P: In the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, hedges are entered into at individual company level for highly probable future transactions on the basis of rolling 15-month forecasts, as well as for firm commitments not reported in the statement of financial position. H: The company utilizes forecasting to manage financial risk in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment.
neutral P: These non-GAAP measures have been included because we believe that investors may find them helpful to measure our performance as reported under the relevant IFRS measures. H: Investors prefer non-GAAP measures to traditional financial metrics for evaluating company performance.
entailment P: Dematic Pty. Ltd. is a Singapore-based company in the APAC region with 100.00% ownership, employing 17 and having 29 clients. H: Dematic Pty. Ltd. operates fully under its own control in Singapore.
neutral P: Delays in delivery or a rise in the number of complaints could harm the KION Group’s standing with its customers and, as a result, could harm its financial situation. H: The KION Group is exploring new markets to expand its business operations.
entailment P: In the year under review, the external audit of the compliance management system in the anti-corruption section was completed in accordance with IDW PS 980, based on ISO 19600. H: The compliance management system's anti-corruption measures were evaluated to meet the requirements set by IDW PS 980 and ISO 19600.
neutral P: Currency translation effects had a negative impact on the KION Group’s operating performance in 2023, whereas the prior-year figures had been strongly influenced by positive currency effects. H: The KION Group has plans to invest heavily in renewable energy projects in 2024.
entailment  P: As at December 31, 2022, outstanding lease payments with a present value of €754.4 million (December 31, 2021: €654.4 million) were available as collateral for liabilities from the lease business. H: The value of collateral available from lease payments increased by €100 million from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022.
neutral P: Our global teams have shown our customers that they can continue to move forward with KION! H: KION has recently introduced a new product line.
entailment P: The target figure for ROCE is in the range of 11.0 percent to 12.0 percent. H: The company aims for a ROCE of at least 11.0 percent.
neutral P: A detailed compliance program that is framed with regard to the Company’s risk situation has been set up for KION GROUP AG and its Group companies worldwide. H: KION GROUP AG has implemented cutting-edge technology solutions to enhance its manufacturing processes.
entailment P: And that’s why we’re excited about Page 28 KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call Transcription extending and expanding our lithium-ion capacity in the KION Battery Systems. H: KION GROUP AG plans to increase its production capabilities for lithium-ion batteries.
neutral P: Thank you very much for answering all the questions. H: The questions were about a variety of subjects.
entailment P: The KION Group makes estimates regarding future residual values. H: The KION Group engages in financial forecasting activities.
neutral P: In a highly competitive industry, attracting, developing, engaging, and retaining talents is a major driver for business success and profitable growth. H: The company has recently introduced a new product line to diversify its offerings.
entailment P: The presidents of the Operating Units are responsible for compliance within the operating business, while the functional managers are responsible for core administrative processes in the departments at the Group’s headquarters. H: Compliance within the operating business is not the responsibility of the functional managers at the Group's headquarters.
neutral P: The other information also includes the remaining parts of the annual report. H: The company's stock price increased due to its annual performance.
entailment P: In a wider sense, governance encompasses business ethics as well as the KION Group's understanding of sustainable business management including but not limited to compliance, corporate citizenship, and communications. H: The KION Group's governance includes efforts in compliance and corporate citizenship.
neutral P: Internal IT resources are pooled in the cross-segment KION Group IT function, which has well-established processes for portfolio management and project planning and control. H: The KION Group's market share in its industry sector increased last quarter.
entailment P: The KION Group's product development and innovation processes are also characterized by close involvement of customers. H: Customers have a say in the product development process at KION Group.
neutral P: Market planning takes into account macroeconomic and industry-specific performance. H: A company's latest product has gained popularity faster than its predecessors.
entailment P: The default risk for the Group and for the counterparty is taken into account on the basis of gross figures. H: The assessment of default risk involves analyzing financial data for both the Group and the counterparty.
neutral P: In addition, the KION Group’s external auditor examines the early-warning system for risk as part of its annual audit of the consolidated financial statements. H: The efficiency of the KION Group's internal communication strategies has improved over the last fiscal year.
entailment   P: Linde Material Handling Česká republika s.r.o. is based in Český Krumlov, Czech Republic.   H: Linde Material Handling operates in the Czech Republic.  
neutral P: This was predominantly due to the disproportionately strong increase in revenue from the project business in the Supply Chain Solutions segment. H: The cost of raw materials for manufacturing remained stable throughout the period.
entailment P: As a result, our customers will be able to operate even more efficiently. H: Customers will experience improvements in their operational processes.
neutral P: Disclosures regarding § 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) are disclosed in note 6 of the separate financial statements of KION GROUP AG for the year ended December 31, 2023. H: The overall profitability of KION GROUP AG increased in the fiscal year 2023.  neutral P: Disclosures regarding § 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) are disclosed in note 6 of the separate financial statements of KION GROUP AG for the year ended December 31, 2023. H: The environmental sustainability initiatives of KION GROUP AG were expanded significantly in 2023.
entailment P: In accordance with IAS 36, they are tested for impairment at least once a year or on an ad hoc basis if there are indications that the asset might be impaired. H: Assets undergo an impairment test annually, in line with IAS 36 regulations.
neutral P: In a positive macroeconomic scenario, order intake and revenue could exceed the target ranges, which would have a positive effect on earnings too. H: The company plans to invest in new technology next year.
entailment P: This also applies to the system of personal targets for the individual Executive Board members, which follows the principle of pay for performance. H: Individual Executive Board members' compensation depends on meeting specific targets.
neutral P: The Supervisory Board can also use a discretionary individual performance multiple to adjust the final payment at the end of the performance period by + / – 30.0 percent. H: The adjustment of the final payment is always determined at the beginning of the performance period.
Entailment P: Dematic continued the series of virtual events for customers by hosting the first Europe-wide AutoStore® showcase. H: The first Europe-wide AutoStore® showcase was a virtual event organized by Dematic.
neutral P: On average, the euro appreciated against the US dollar, pound sterling, and the Chinese renminbi in the reporting year. H: The value of the Japanese yen against the euro remained stable throughout the year.
entailment   P: Other provisions Non-current and current other provisions rose to €370.2 million as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: €340.3 million).   H: The total value of other provisions increased during the year 2022.
neutral P: The full Executive Board normally meets every 14 days and meetings are chaired by the Chief Executive Officer. H: The Chief Financial Officer reports quarterly earnings in the board meetings.
entailment P: The speaker concluded the KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call on Page 15 with some key takeaways. H: The key takeaways of the KION GROUP AG Q1 2022 Update Call were presented at the end of the presentation.
neutral P: Digitalization has led to greater demand for networked trucks, such as fleet management systems and products that use big data to support predictive maintenance tools. H: The increase in electric vehicle production has influenced public transportation preferences.
entailment P: From early 2021, efficiency is set to be further enhanced by the relocation of a product series from Aschaffenburg to the new Polish site in Kołbaskowo, near Szczecin. H: The production of a product series will take place in Kołbaskowo, Poland, starting from early 2021.
neutral P: Because of its customer project business, the Supply Chain Solutions segment generally has a greater dependence on individual sectors and individual customers than the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, which is not dependent on individual customers. H: The Industrial Trucks & Services segment focuses on innovative technologies more than the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
entailment P: In the past, the material handling market has been heavily influenced by macroeconomic factors. H: Economic downturns or booms have affected the material handling market's performance.
neutral P: The non-recurring items included in EBITDA arose mainly in connection with the capacity adjustments initiated in the Supply Chain Solutions segment. H: The company is planning to expand its operations in the healthcare sector.
entailment P: The segment operates a multi-brand strategy involving the three international brands Linde, STILL, and Baoli plus the two local brands Fenwick and OM. H: The segment includes brands from both international and local origins.
neutral P: Detailed reports in this regard are set out in the ‘Business performance’ and ‘Financial position and financial performance of the KION Group’ sections. H: The KION Group has recently expanded its operations into new international markets.
entailment P: This cooperation strengthens our position in the field of energy-efficient drive technology. H: Our capabilities in energy-efficient drive technology have improved due to this cooperation.
neutral P: The amounts previously recognized in the hedge reserve are subsequently reclassified to the income statement when the gain or loss on the corresponding hedged item is recognized. H: The company's overall financial health improved during the last quarter.
entailment P: For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units that are likely to benefit from the business combination. H: Cash-generating units expected to benefit from the business combination undergo impairment testing for goodwill.
neutral P: So, supply chain was really the greatest act in order to secure our supply chain. H: The company has implemented advanced technology to track inventory levels.
entailment P: This has been common knowledge on the capital markets for a good while now, with companies’ sustainability performances increasingly being assessed and used as the basis for investment decisions. H: Investors consider companies' sustainability performances in their investment strategies.
neutral P: Over the course of the year, the company made significant efforts to improve its agility and position itself better for the future while at the same time strengthening its resilience to any unforeseen developments. H: The company introduced a new range of products during the same year.
entailment P: The KION Group also pays particular attention to a supplier’s sustainability performance in its supplier selection process. H: Suppliers with better sustainability performance have a higher chance of being selected by the KION Group.
neutral P: So let’s move on to the market update on Page 6. H: The financial analysis section begins on Page 7.
entailment P: The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG comprised six members in 2021. H: KION GROUP AG had a team of six individuals on its Executive Board in the year 2021.
neutral P: Financial risks resulting from the Company’s general funding situation would predominantly impact the Corporate Services segment. H: The Company's Research and Development department has recently innovated a cost-saving technology.
entailment P: The proportion of the KION Group’s total workforce made up of women rose to 16.7 per cent in 2019 compared with 16.2 per cent in 2018. H: The KION Group experienced an increase in the percentage of female employees in 2019.
neutral P: The KION Group aims to minimize the strain on operators by ensuring that its products are as ergonomic as possible. H: The KION Group's market share in the industry increased due to its focus on product innovation.
entailment   P: The industry-leading logistics automation software developed by DAI complements Dematic’s existing warehouse management system.   H: Dematic's warehouse management capabilities are enhanced by DAI's logistics automation software.
neutral P: At the level of the KION Group, risk appetite is defined as the aggregate risk across the individual risk types that will be tolerated in order to achieve the strategic objectives and medium-term planning. H: The KION Group has implemented new technologies to enhance operational efficiency.
entailment P: In the long term, the KION Group currently expects to see continued market growth in the new truck business of around 4 percent. H: The KION Group anticipates an increase in their new truck business market.
neutral P: As proof of the effectiveness of this strategy, in the financial year 2020, 65 percent of suppliers reviewed improved their EcoVadis rating compared with the previous year. H: The strategy led to an increase in overall profits for the suppliers in the financial year 2020.
entailment  P: Philippe Lorrain observed an increase in orders for warehouse automation due to the reshoring of certain manufacturing capacities into higher-cost regions.  H: The reshoring of manufacturing operations has led to a higher demand for warehouse automation technologies.
neutral P: Is it right that perhaps the mix has improved slightly, but it was all disappearing because of the phasing of the SG&A and so on? H: The company's overall revenue has remained constant over the past quarter.
entailment  P: The best example of this is the new ergonomically optimized and highly dynamic picking station which was nearing completion in 2022. H: The picking station was designed for efficiency and ease of use.
neutral P: The KION Group knows that although the occurrence of extreme risks is rare, the severity of the potential losses mean that they still pose a serious threat. H: The KION Group is implementing advanced technology to improve operational efficiency.
entailment P: With the 32% increase in order backlog now to over €4.2 billion, the order backlog covers more than a year of new equipment sales, which stood at €3.3 billion on a 12-month rolling basis. H: The current order backlog exceeds the total value of new equipment sales in the past year.
neutral P: If the cost of acquisition is lower than the fair value of the acquiree’s net assets, the negative goodwill is recognized in profit or loss. H: The accounting standards governing the recognition of goodwill are universally accepted.
entailment P: Anke Groth thinks you will understand it very well after listening on Thursday to Gordon's and my part of the presentation. H: Anke Groth is confident in the clarity and comprehensibility of the upcoming presentation.
neutral P: So with a lot of hard work and a little bit of tailwind, maybe things are getting a little bit better vis-à-vis where they were very, very tight earlier last year. H: The company decided to expand its operations into new markets this quarter.
entailment P: Non-current financial liabilities stood at €1,361.8 million (December 31, 2021: €898.7 million). H: The company's non-current financial liabilities increased from the end of 2020 to the end of 2021.
neutral P: A new truck business was heavily affected by the lockdown measures in the spring, especially in western and eastern Europe. H: The company had recently expanded its fleet with electric vehicles.
entailment P: Wherever possible, local management positions are held by local executives. H: Local executives are preferred for management positions in their area.
neutral P: A Group-wide, consistent lease application shall ensure that the recognition, categorisation, and classification of the various contract types according to the IFRS are complete and correct. H: The implementation of a new software system for lease management will result in significant cost savings for the company.
entailment P: Across the segments, the Group is moving forward with multi-brand solutions built on the use of networked trucks and AMRs and including a shared software platform and integrated services. H: The Group is employing advanced technologies to enhance its logistic solutions.
neutral P: Don't forget we have a big part of the business in North America, so more than half. H: The company plans to expand its operations into Asia next year.
entailment P: Goodwill has an indefinite useful life and is therefore not amortized. H: Goodwill is not subject to periodic reduction in value on financial statements.
neutral P: Recoverability of the goodwill and brand names with indefinite useful life as recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position. H: The company plans to expand into new markets next year.
entailment  P: In 2019, an expense totaling €0.9 million was recognised under the relevant functional costs for free shares and bonus shares in connection with the employee share option programme (2018: €1.0 million).  H: The company had a lower expense for share-based compensation in 2019 compared to 2018.
neutral P: And I think you also just said in answer to the last question you expect unit volume to grow for KION. H: KION's market share in its industry will remain unchanged next year.
entailment P: In the second half of the year, the focus shifted to boosting financial strength over the long term and diversifying the portfolio, partly in view of the growth to be targeted after the coronavirus pandemic. H: The organization aims to improve its financial stability and expand its portfolio for future growth opportunities beyond the coronavirus pandemic.
neutral P: His Executive Board service contract is also due to end on that date. H: He is planning to take a vacation soon after his contract ends.
entailment P: Its portfolio encompasses industrial trucks such as forklift trucks and warehouse trucks, as well as automation and software solutions and related services for the optimisation of supply chains. H: It provides solutions that improve supply chain efficiency.
neutral P: The order intake of the Supply Chain Solutions segment amounted to €4,329.4 million, thereby exceeding the target range of €3,800 million to €4,200 million. H: The company has recently launched a new product line within its Supply Chain Solutions segment.
entailment  P: Payment terms vary in accordance with the customary conditions in the respective countries and are generally between 30 and 90 days.  H: It is possible for payment terms to be set at 30 days in some countries.
neutral P: The company reported an increase in order intake and revenue during the reporting period, excluding the effects of changes in exchange rates. H: The company launched a new marketing campaign last quarter.
entailment P: A central Group risk manager is responsible for the implementation of risk management processes in line with procedures throughout the Group. H: The Group utilizes standardized risk management procedures.
neutral P: The KION Group offers a variety of reporting channels to internal and external whistleblowers in order to facilitate the identification of potential compliance breaches. H: The KION Group's financial performance has steadily increased over the past fiscal year.
entailment P: According to market research company Interact Analysis, the rate of expansion was more than 10 per cent again. H: The market experienced a growth rate exceeding 10% as reported by Interact Analysis.
neutral P: KION Financial Services (KION FS) is an internal funding partner for the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, providing finance solutions to support sales. H: KION Financial Services (KION FS) offers investment opportunities in the technology sector.
entailment   P: Executive Board members are subject to a post-contractual non-compete agreement of one year.   H: Executive Board members cannot work for competing companies immediately after leaving the company for a duration of one year.
Neutral P: A possible escalation of the trade dispute between the United States and China is a particular risk as it may also affect companies that have a presence in both countries due to the regional distribution of their revenue or shareholders. H: The specific strategies companies will adopt to mitigate the impact of the trade dispute remain varied and uncertain.
entailment P: George Featherstone spoke during the KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q3 2023 Update Call. H: The Q3 2023 update call for KION GROUP AG included speakers from the company.
neutral P: In Dubai, United Arab Emirates, financial investments in foreign entities include a 49.0% investment in Balyo SA, based in Ivry-sur-Seine, France, and a 6.4% investment in TPZ Linde Viličari Hrvatska d.o.o. H: The economic policies of Dubai favor diversification into high-tech industries.
entailment P: The global outlook being more flat year-over-year is based on the assumption of uniform economic growth across various regions. H: There has been a consistent economic performance worldwide.
neutral P: Focusing on people, planet, and profitable growth is our triple bottom line. H: The company recently launched a new line of eco-friendly products.
entailment P: All other components of pension expenses were recognized under functional costs. H: Functional costs include the components of pension expenses.
neutral P: Consequently, four shareholder representatives who, as agreed, had resigned before the Annual General Meeting, were appointed as shareholder representatives for a further five years. H: The company's overall financial performance has improved significantly over the past year.
entailment  P: The KION Group is a publicly listed corporate group and therefore ensures that its financial management takes into account the interests of shareholders, the banks providing its funding, and other lenders. H: The financial strategies of the KION Group are designed to benefit its shareholders and funding institutions.
neutral P: Dematic was named ‘Voice Partner of the Year’ for the Asia-Pacific region by Honeywell, while STILL’s hand-operated pallet truck series EXH-14-20-Plus picked up an IFOY award in the ‘warehouse trucks lowlifter’ category in 2023. H: The EXH-14-20-Plus uses advanced battery technology to extend operation times.
entailment P: It may take some time into next year, but they will be coming back, and they will be continuing to participate in the growth as they grow into that capacity that we helped them install. H: Their return and participation in growth is expected to happen by next year.
neutral P: Order intake grew by 5.3% to €9.1 billion, which was mainly supported by the very strong SCS development and the solid IT&S order intake. H: The company's manufacturing sector also saw an increase in productivity during the same period.
entailment P: The ultimate objective of the KION Group’s HR strategy is to provide the best possible support for the targeted implementation of the KION 2027 strategy, with which it is closely aligned. H: The KION Group's HR strategy is designed to facilitate the realization of its 2027 strategic goals.
neutral P: No part of this Presentation, nor the fact of its distribution, should form the basis of, or be relied on by any person in connection with, any contract or commitment or investment decision whatsoever. H: The distribution of this Presentation will increase market awareness of the company.
entailment   P: After taking into account the dividend payment of €4.7 million and the net loss for the year of €6.5 million, equity rose to €4,631.9 million (December 31, 2019: €3,828.6 million).   H: The company's equity increased in 2020 compared to 2019.
neutral P: Measures to actively manage the performance of executives were strengthened, for example. H: The company has seen an increase in stock prices recently.
entailment P: These translate into a focus to improve energy efficiency, process efficiency, and reduced resource consumption. H: There is an effort to decrease the amount of energy and resources used.
neutral P: Having said that, this is not a fast fix, Sven. H: Sven is considering alternative solutions.
entailment P: In the case of contracts in the project business, a provision for onerous contracts is recognized if the total contract costs exceed the contract revenue. H: A company will record a financial liability when project expenses surpass its income from the contract.
neutral P: Protecting the environment is one of the key concerns of the KION Group. H: The KION Group is actively investing in renewable energy projects.
entailment P: At the end of the performance period, the number of the phantom shares is amended depending on the degree to which the relevant targets are achieved. H: If relevant targets are met, the quantity of phantom shares awarded will change.
neutral P: The segment secured attractive new projects and projects for the modernization and expansion of existing facilities, primarily in North America and western Europe. H: The company is planning to increase its investment in renewable energy sources next year.
entailment P: Furthermore, binding targets are set for the share of women at the management levels of Linde Material Handling GmbH, STILL GmbH, and Dematic GmbH. H: The companies Linde Material Handling GmbH, STILL GmbH, and Dematic GmbH are actively working towards increasing female representation in their management levels.
neutral P: At the end of 2019, the total assets of KION GROUP AG had increased by approximately 1.4 percent year on year to €7,680.5 million. H: The operational efficiencies introduced by KION GROUP AG in 2019 significantly reduced their environmental impact.
entailment P: The platform, which relies on highly sophisticated algorithms, can be used to help upgrade standard industrial robot arms into full-task robots that can tackle complex intralogistics challenges. H: Standard industrial robot arms can be transformed to perform complex tasks with the help of the platform.
neutral P: Business planning and financial planning are based on expected market performance, but also draw on other assumptions, such as those relating to changes in the cost of materials, labor costs, sale prices, and movements in exchange rates. H: The success of a new product launch is primarily determined by the effectiveness of its marketing campaign.
entailment P: Numerous activities aimed at improving health, such as fitness programs and advice on nutrition and healthcare, also have a positive effect on health and safety in the Group. H: The Group experiences improved health and safety outcomes due to their engagement in health-improvement activities.
neutral P: Its developers have responded to the growing demands placed on users on a daily basis. H: The application has seen an increase in its user base in the past month.
entailment P: The KION Group attaches great importance to regular exchanges with its customers, especially on the subject of safety. H: The KION Group regularly communicates with its customers about safety matters.
neutral P: Our revenue and margin targets communicated at last year’s CMD for the group as well as for our business segments are valid. H: The company has initiated new sustainability efforts this year.
entailment P: KION GROUP AG is a publicly listed company and therefore ensures that its financial management takes into account the interests of shareholders and financing partners. H: KION GROUP AG involves its shareholders and financing partners in its financial decision-making processes.
neutral P: There were no countermotions, nominations, or requests for additions to the agenda. H: The meeting was efficiently managed and concluded on time.
entailment P: Order intake comprises all legally binding customer orders less any subsequent cancellations for the reporting period. H: The reporting period's order intake reflects the net addition of all legally binding customer orders after accounting for cancellations.
neutral P: The report also reflects the requirements of German accounting standard (GAS) 17 and the German Commercial Code (HGB). H: The report addresses the latest changes in international financial reporting standards (IFRS).
entailment P: The credit facilities provided by various banks and an effective dunning process ensure that the KION Group has sufficient liquidity. H: The KION Group does not face a liquidity crisis.
neutral P: The goals are not only to optimize products and services in relation to the resources used, but also to ensure that the parts of the value chain live up to certain defined standards of human dignity, working conditions, and environmental compatibility. H: The company plans to introduce a new line of products next year.
entailment P: The share of segment revenue generated by the service business stood at 25.1 per cent (2018: 26.2 per cent). H: The service business's contribution to segment revenue decreased from 2018 to the reported year.
neutral P: The separate financial statements, consolidated financial statements, combined management report, and non-financial report are discussed by the Audit Committee and then reviewed and approved by the Supervisory Board. H: The company will expand into new markets next year.
entailment P: Activities are carried out under the KION strategy aimed at improving operational excellence in logistics, technology & product development and production and at lowering material and quality costs, for example by reducing the complexity of the product range. H: The KION strategy includes measures to streamline the product range to reduce costs.
neutral P: Reporting on cross-segment risks and groupwide risks is carried out by Controlling and the relevant departments at Group level. H: The organization's marketing department has recently launched a new advertising campaign.
entailment P: Thanks to the boom in e-commerce, the market for supply chain solutions is likely to grow to such an extent that it will overtake global forklift truck and warehouse technology business in just a few years’ time. H: The growth of e-commerce directly contributes to the expansion of the supply chain solutions market.
neutral P: They are accompanied by an intensification of expansionary monetary policy by the central banks, the first signs of a rapprochement in the US-China trade dispute. H: The inflation rate has remained stable over the past few months.
entailment P: Linde Magyarország Anyagmozgatási Kft. is located in Izmir, Turkey. H: Linde Magyarország Anyagmozgatási Kft. operates within Turkey.
neutral P: Over the longer term, our expectation is in that strategic planning period easily 9% CAGR in warehouse automation and 4% or better in the Industrial Truck and Service markets. H: The recent advancements in technology will significantly reduce operational costs across all sectors.
entailment P: The fair value of derivative financial instruments is determined using appropriate valuation methods on the basis of observable market information at the reporting date. H: Observable market information at the reporting date influences the valuation of derivative financial instruments.
neutral P: And we did increase our pricing four times during the course of last year. H: The quality of our product improved last year.
entailment P: These and other risks and uncertainties are set forth in the 2022 group management report, which has been combined with the Company’s management report. H: The 2022 group management report includes information about risks and uncertainties facing the Company.
neutral P: These and other measures enabled the KION Group to make sure that no clusters of cases were formed and chains of infection were controlled. H: The KION Group has implemented a new employee wellness program unrelated to infectious disease management.
entailment P: For critical materials, it has also increased its buffer of inventories. H: The company now holds more stocks of critical materials than before.
neutral P: And what we did, we adjusted our fleet. H: The weather conditions have been changing recently.
entailment P: Changes in tax legislation or disputes with the tax authorities may lead to financial risks. H: A company experiencing disputes with tax authorities might face financial challenges.
neutral P: Also on January 1, 2024, Ching Pong Quek took on an additional role as the new CTO. H: Ching Pong Quek has expertise in software engineering.
entailment P: The unused portion of the RCF stood at €1,364.7 million (December 31, 2022: €1,271.1 million). H: The unused portion of the RCF increased from December 31, 2022, to the current reporting date.
neutral P: These assets were considered to be unimpaired because these companies are expected to generate taxable income in the future. H: The market value of these companies' shares will increase in the next fiscal year.
entailment P: The KION Group grew rapidly in 2021, with order intake at record levels despite persistent difficulties in the economy as a whole. H: The KION Group's financial performance improved in 2021.
neutral P: The overwhelming majority of the existing pension entitlements are a combination of a defined benefit obligation and a defined contribution component. H: Many companies are exploring new ways to improve employee retention.
entailment   P: Currency-adjusted changes show the percentage change in a KPI, taking into account the effects of currency fluctuations.   H: The calculation of currency-adjusted changes removes the impact of exchange rate movements on the reported KPI values.
neutral P: Regarding the relative TSR target, there is no entitlement if KION shares underperform the MDAX. H: KION is planning to expand its operations in Asia next year.
entailment P: The KION Group is not only integrating software into its solutions but also increasingly marketing software solutions as standalone products. H: The KION Group offers software solutions independent of its other products.
neutral P: I look forward to talking with you about that as you have a chance to take a look at that and read through it and discuss that together. H: The document discusses the annual financial report.
entailment P: Sequentially, order intake was down by 8% due to the usual seasonality at Industrial Trucks & Services. H: Industrial Trucks & Services experienced a decline in orders during a period typically affected by seasonal variations.
neutral P: Production sites are located in Germany, France, USA, China, Czech Republic, and Poland. H: The company is planning to expand its market reach in Asia.
entailment P: The KION Group’s view is that the global material handling market should see strong growth in 2021 if economic conditions improve as expected. H: Economic improvement in 2021 will likely result in the expansion of the global material handling market.
neutral P: You also said services business there should grow actual sort of headline numbers that like, from the guidance, you’re expecting about 5% revenue growth year-over-year. H: The company plans to introduce new services in the next fiscal year.
entailment P: All product categories recorded a year-on-year rise, with electric forklift trucks notching up the biggest increase by far. H: Electric forklift trucks experienced a significant sales increase over the past year.
neutral P: Our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report do not cover the other information, and consequently we do not express an audit opinion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon. H: The company plans to expand its operations into new international markets next year.
entailment P: The share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investments amounted to a profit of €14.1 million in the reporting period (2021: profit of €13.1 million). H: The equity-accounted investments experienced an increase in profit over the previous year.
neutral P: Around 74 percent of the workforce was offered health-related training in 2022 (2021: 68 percent). H: The productivity of the workforce improved due to the increase in health-related training.
entailment P: As at December 31, 2020, no loans or advances had been extended to members of the Executive Board. H: Members of the Executive Board did not receive any loans or advances by the end of 2020.
neutral P: The consolidated financial statements and the combined group management report and management report of KION GROUP AG were prepared by the Executive Board on February 22, 2023. H: The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG will meet to discuss future investments in April 2023.
entailment P: If the KION Group provides a residual value guarantee, an amount equivalent to the residual value obligation is recognised under liabilities from financial services. H: The liabilities from financial services of the KION Group increase when they provide a residual value guarantee.
neutral P: STILL has also launched the RX 60 electric forklift truck (3.5 to 5.0t load capacity). H: The company is planning to expand its product line into non-industrial vehicles next year.
entailment P: The recognition and measurement of other provisions are based on an estimate of the probability of the future outflow of resources, supplemented by past experience and the circumstances known to the Group at the reporting date. H: The Group uses its past experiences and known circumstances to accurately estimate future resource outflows for reporting provisions.
neutral P: Where a conflict of interest is material and not merely temporary, the Supervisory Board member in question must resign. H: The organization implements regular training for Supervisory Board members on ethics and compliance.
entailment P: Default risk is limited by diversifying business partners based on certain credit ratings. H: Companies that diversify their business partners experience reduced default risk.
neutral P: Both reports were discussed in detail in the presence of the auditor at the Supervisory Board meeting on February 28, 2024, after the auditor had presented its report in person. H: The members of the Supervisory Board have requested additional data from the auditor for further analysis.
entailment P: The adjusted EBIT margin stood at 9.7 per cent, which was slightly lower than the margin of 9.9 per cent for 2018. H: The adjusted EBIT margin decreased from 2018 to the reported year.
neutral P: Valeria Gargiulo and Marcus A. Wassenberg bring with them a great deal of experience and expertise in their relevant areas of responsibility as well as a proven track record of success. H: Valeria Gargiulo and Marcus A. Wassenberg have initiated several innovation projects in their careers.
entailment P: The amount recognized is an average value or a value determined in accordance with the FIFO method (FIFO = first in, first out). H: The calculation method for the recognized amount either averages multiple values or considers the chronological order of costs.
neutral P: In the Supply Chain Solutions segment, the value of order intake decreased by 9.8 percent in the reporting year to €3,032.4 million (2022: €3,361.9 million). H: The decrease in order intake value has led to the prioritization of digital transformation initiatives within the company.
entailment P: The Supervisory Board considers four shareholders to currently be independent of the anchor investor Weichai: Mr. Ring, Dr. Reuter, Ms. Behrendt, and Dr. Dibelius. H: Mr. Ring is considered independent of Weichai by the Supervisory Board.
neutral P: Mr. Tan Xuguang participated in one of these seven meetings and sent his apologies for his absence from the other meetings. H: Mr. Tan Xuguang is generally punctual to his appointments.
entailment P: KION SCS, featuring the Dematic brand, is the global supply chain solutions business. H: The Dematic brand is part of KION SCS's global operations.
neutral P: The regional industrial truck brand Fenwick is one of the leading suppliers of material handling products in France, while OM is among the leading vendors in the Indian market. H: Fenwick and OM have plans to collaborate on a new line of eco-friendly material handling equipment.
entailment P: Overall, liabilities from financial services and lease liabilities together totalling €2,495.0 million were attributable to financing of the direct and indirect long-term lease business (2018: €1,906.0 million). H: The total liabilities related to financing the lease business increased from 2018 to the present reporting period.
neutral P: This beacon project investigated secure and real-time communication in industrial applications, using the key technologies of 5G and cloud computing. H: The project resulted in a significant reduction in energy consumption in participating industries.
entailment P: The two areas go hand in hand in terms of their practical implementation, as the respective measures and objectives are largely the same. H: Implementing strategies in either area will involve similar steps and goals.
neutral P: Accordingly, the actual outflow of resources for a given event may be different from the amount of the provision recognized. H: The method used to estimate the provision is based on historical data.
entailment P: Despite the regionalization of some supply chains as a result of the coronavirus pandemic, the globalization of many sectors continues to be one of the main overarching growth drivers. H: The coronavirus pandemic has not halted the process of globalization in many sectors.
neutral P: Its processes are intended to ensure the correctness of the internal and external financial reporting, the efficiency of the Company’s business operations, and compliance with key legal provisions and internal policies. H: The Company is planning to expand its operations to international markets in the next fiscal year.
entailment P: In addition to efficient development processes, the KION Group also works with an effective innovation ecosystem. H: The KION Group implements strategies to enhance its innovation capabilities.
neutral P: Contractual provisions and comprehensive project management are important elements of reorganization projects because they help to minimize risk. H: The effectiveness of contractual provisions in project management varies across different industries.
entailment P: And I think that’d be an appropriate element to consider together as well. H: Considering the element together is deemed suitable by me.
neutral P: Taking account of the remaining term of two years (2023 tranche) and one year (2022 tranche), the historic volatility of KION shares was used to determine the volatility on which the valuation is based. H: The overall market sentiment towards KION shares is positive.
entailment P: The worldwide vehicle fleet, which consisted of around 1.5 million industrial trucks at the end of 2019, provides a broad base for the service business. H: KION Group has the potential to service a significant number of industrial trucks globally.
neutral P: Furthermore, employees were reminded that all of the Group’s stakeholders have privacy rights that must be upheld. H: Some of the Group’s employees prefer to work remotely.
entailment P: The measurement parameters used to value the phantom shares on the reporting date are shown in the table ‘Significant measurement parameters of the KION Performance Share Plans’. H: The table contains the information necessary to understand how the value of the phantom shares was determined on the reporting date.
neutral P: Felicitas von Bismarck said, "Yes, thank you very much." H: Felicitas von Bismarck enjoys outdoor activities.
entailment P: On page 26, during the KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call, Martin Wilkie spoke in the afternoon. H: Martin Wilkie's participation in the Q1 2022 update call for KION GROUP AG was documented.
neutral P: This followed on from the early repayment on October 30, 2020, of variable-rate tranches of the promissory note maturing in May 2022, which has a nominal amount of €653.5 million. H: The early repayment decision was influenced by the company's strategic financial planning for the fiscal year 2023.
entailment P: Finally, I would like to remind you that we will publish our final financial results for 2019 and our outlook for 2020 on March 3rd, 2020. H: The final financial results for 2019 will be made available on March 3rd, 2020.
neutral P: Both reports were discussed in detail in the presence of the auditors at the Supervisory Board meeting on March 2, 2022, after the auditors had presented their report in person. H: The auditors have conducted additional investigations following the Supervisory Board meeting.
entailment  P: Overall, the adjusted EBIT margin improved substantially from 8.8 percent to 9.6 percent, as reported in the KION GROUP AG COMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORT on the economic position in the Annual Report 2019.  H: KION GROUP AG experienced an increase in profitability in 2019.
neutral P: A Ltd. subsidiary manufactures and sells electric and IC forklift trucks and warehouse trucks. H: The subsidiary is exploring the possibility of expanding its product line to include autonomous vehicles.
entailment P: The project is 50% complete and is expected to take another 6 months to finish. H: The project has a total duration of 12 months.
neutral P: The virtual formats and online events continued as well. H: Attendance at in-person events has seen an increase this year.
entailment   P: There are monthly reports on the opportunity situation as part of the regular Group reporting process.   H: The Group examines the opportunity situation on a monthly basis.
neutral P: The revised strategy was adopted at the end of 2020 by the Group Executive Committee (GEC), which included the Presidents of the operating units as well as the members of the Executive Board. H: The operating units experienced a significant increase in profitability following the adoption of the revised strategy.
entailment P: As well as reporting on the financial key performance indicators defined under IFRS, the KION Group also uses alternative performance measures (APMs). H: The KION Group employs both IFRS-defined indicators and other financial measures in its reporting.
neutral P: There was also income from the reversal of excess provisions that had been recognized for the capacity program; taking account of the ongoing program costs, the positive non-recurring items amounted to income of €8.2 million. H: The company's overall financial status has improved significantly in the last quarter.
entailment P: The equity-accounted carrying amount of the investment in Hans Joachim Jetschke Industriefahrzeuge (GmbH & Co.) KG immediately prior to the acquisition date came to €1.2 million. H: €1.2 million was the value recorded for the investment in Hans Joachim Jetschke Industriefahrzeuge (GmbH & Co.) KG just before it was acquired.
neutral P: All these factors could have a negative impact on customers’ willingness to invest and thus on demand for the KION Group’s products. H: The KION Group is planning to expand its product line next year.
entailment P: Fitch Ratings had already confirmed the short-term issuer default rating of F2 in September of the reporting year. H: The issuer had a F2 rating for short-term defaults in the reporting year.
neutral P: The objective is to improve the prospects and representation of these often under-represented groups. H: Many companies are expanding their diversity training programs.
entailment P: There is some global economic and macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty out there, and the interest rates are certainly higher, and people are taking longer time to make decisions and to start new projects going. H: The delay in starting new projects is influenced by higher interest rates and uncertainties in the global economic environment.
neutral P: I particularly like the numbers on the world level. H: The design of digital interfaces is becoming increasingly user-friendly.
entailment P: In all material respects, this combined management report is consistent with the consolidated financial statements, complies with German legal requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development. H: The management report adheres to the required legal standards in Germany.
neutral P: Counterbalance trucks in the fast-growing value segment are to be manufactured here. H: The manufacturing facility will also produce electric cars.
entailment P: The amount of the pension depends on employees’ length of service and final salary. H: Employees with longer service and higher final salaries receive larger pensions.
neutral P: Depending on requirements and the market situation, the KION Group will also avail itself of the funding facilities offered by the public capital markets in future. H: The KION Group is planning to expand its operations into new international markets within the next year.
entailment P: The one-year variable remuneration is a remuneration component linked to the profitability and productivity of the KION Group in the relevant financial year. H: Employees may receive higher one-year variable remuneration in years where the KION Group is more profitable and productive.
neutral P: The Supervisory Board, which was formed in accordance with the German Codetermination Act (MitbestG), comprises 16 people. H: The Supervisory Board oversees the globalization strategies of the company.
entailment   P: The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG prepared the consolidated financial statements on February 22, 2022 and approved them for forwarding to the Supervisory Board.   H: The consolidated financial statements of KION GROUP AG were ready for Supervisory Board review by February 22, 2022.  
neutral P: The relevance of the action fields for the individual operating units is determined by their specific materiality analyses. H: The sustainability goals of the company influence the priority of action fields.
entailment P: Unionised employees receive pension entitlements on the basis of fixed amounts for each month of service. H: The longer a unionised employee works, the larger their pension entitlement becomes.
neutral P: We’ll come back to you after we’ve reached that milestone and talk about increasing it. H: The team is currently working on a different project unrelated to the milestone.
Entailment P: Net realizable value is the selling price that can be realized less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated necessary selling costs. H: Calculating the net realizable value involves subtracting certain costs from the expected selling price.
neutral P: Monthly checklists have been drawn up for the consolidation process and are worked through in a standardized manner. H: The checklists include a section dedicated to unforeseen challenges.
entailment P: We’re working hard to deliver those, and we’ll be talking to you and updating you on our progress as we go through the course of this year. H: Progress updates on the project will be provided throughout the year.
neutral P: In doing so, it follows a well-balanced risk strategy that is conditional upon it always being able to secure external funding. H: The organization's leadership team frequently engages in team-building activities.
entailment P: I'm sorry for trying to make three questions. H: The speaker attempted to ask multiple questions.
neutral P: The remuneration of the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG is determined in accordance with the requirements of the German Stock Corporation Act and the DCGK and is focused on the Company’s long-term growth. H: The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG frequently engages in team-building activities to enhance their collaborative efforts.
entailment P: In November, Linde launched the second generation of the Linde R-MATIC reach truck. H: The Linde R-MATIC reach truck has at least two generations.
neutral P: It sets out guidance on correct conduct with each other as well as with customers, business partners, and the public. H: The number of employees trained on the new conduct guidelines exceeded expectations this quarter.
entailment P: Key components in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment include internal combustion engines, tires, and high-performance forged and electronic parts. H: Internal combustion engines are essential for the operation of industrial trucks in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment.
neutral P: The latter was also the result of a reduction in variable remuneration on the basis of expected target achievement for 2020. H: The company has a policy of adjusting salaries annually based on market trends.
entailment P: Contract liabilities increased to €854.8 million (December 31, 2020: €550.8 million), mainly as a result of prepayments from customers in connection with the long-term project business in the Supply Chain Solutions segment.  H: The Supply Chain Solutions segment received an increase in customer prepayments.
neutral P: There were also regular discussions between the chairman of the Audit Committee and those responsible for internal audit and corporate compliance in the Company. H: The Company has recently decided to expand its operations internationally.
entailment P: As the shares in the Company are bearer shares, the Company only learns about changes to the size of shareholdings if these changes are subject to report pursuant to the WpHG or other regulations. H: The Company is not automatically notified of every change in shareholdings.
neutral P: Two indicators were established for the ITS segment that provide information on particularly high-value safety features that can be selected by the customer at product level (Table 8). H: Customers show a high level of satisfaction with the overall performance of the ITS segment.
entailment P: This feature was integrated into the Dematic Multi Shuttle 2 E in 2020 as well as in the stationary sector. H: The Dematic Multi Shuttle 2 E received new features in 2020.
neutral P: In adopting this principle, the KION Group pursues ambitious targets. H: The KION Group's revenue primarily derives from its logistics solutions sector.
entailment P: Moreover, significant disruptions to supply chains over the course of the year took their toll on manufacturing. H: Manufacturing productivity decreased due to supply chain disruptions.
neutral P: In some cases, the KION Group retains insignificant rights and obligations in connection with fully derecognized financial assets, primarily the provision of limited reserves for defaults. H: The provision of limited reserves by the KION Group has optimized their portfolio management strategies.
entailment   P: Weichai Power Co., Ltd., based in Weifang, People's Republic of China, indirectly holds a stake of 45.2 percent in KION GROUP AG.   H: Weichai Power Co., Ltd. is a significant shareholder of KION GROUP AG.
neutral P: The modified closing-rate method is used for currency translation. H: The fluctuation of currency values impacts international trade balances.
entailment P: The minutes of the committee meetings are distributed to the other members of the Supervisory Board for information purposes once the committee members have approved them. H: Members of the Supervisory Board receive the minutes of the committee meetings after approval.
neutral P: The Group companies also collaborate closely on areas such as talent management and training & development programs. H: The companies within the Group are exploring joint ventures in new market segments.
entailment P: Revenue for the project business-related customer contracts is recognised in line with the corresponding period unless there is an alternative possibility of use and right to payment of the services already rendered. H: If a project business's customer contract does not allow for an alternative use and does not secure the right to payment for services rendered, revenue recognition aligns with the project timeline.
neutral P: 6a HGB came to €12.5 million (2021: €19.6 million). H: The company expanded its market operations in Eastern Europe during 2021.
entailment P: Such a notification is always required as soon as the value of the purchase and/or sale transactions of the individual member exceeds the sum of €20 thousand within a calendar year. H: If an individual member's transactions surpass €20 thousand in a year, they must issue a notification.
neutral P: And you've mentioned that there was different opinions on strategy. H: The company decided to increase its marketing budget for the next quarter.
entailment P: Linde Material Handling Italia S.p.A. is based in Buguggiate, Italy and it's a part of the EMEA region with 100% ownership. H: Buguggiate is in Italy where Linde Material Handling Italia S.p.A. operates.
neutral P: For the first and second management levels below the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG, the Executive Board set the targets to be achieved by the end of 2021 at 10 percent and 30 percent respectively. H: The overall performance of KION GROUP AG in 2019 influenced the setting of these targets.
entailment P: Regular communications via the KION intranet played an important role alongside the local measures in 2020. H: The KION intranet was used for communication in 2020.
neutral P: The resolute and focused pursuit of our KION 2027 strategy has set the Company on the right course and will ensure that we remain very well positioned going forward. H: The company plans to increase its investment in renewable energy sources by 2025.
entailment P: Further objectives and initiatives are specified in and pursued through eight fields of action that address the Company’s contribution to a climate-neutral, circular economy, its product portfolio, and its employees. H: The Company is actively engaged in efforts to achieve a climate-neutral, circular economy.
neutral P: The copper price was also down at year-end on the high average price of the prior year. H: The production of copper was at its peak during the last quarter of the year.
entailment P: We are currently building a new plant here for the Supply Chain Solutions segment right next door to our existing plant for forklift trucks. H: The company is expanding its manufacturing capacity in the same area where it already operates a plant.
neutral P: The measures had already begun to take effect by the fourth quarter of 2022. H: The stock market showed significant volatility in the first quarter of 2023.
entailment P: Project business contracts with a net debit balance due to customers are reported under contract liabilities, as are advances received from customers. H: Advances from customers contribute to the reporting of contract liabilities.
neutral P: Year-on-year price trends for the commodities used by the KION Group were mixed in 2020. H: The overall financial performance of the KION Group in 2020 improved due to strategic investments.
entailment P: One prominent example is the announcement that the Company will be pursuing a growth strategy in the Chinese market involving the local development of a brand-new line of modular material handling equipment for the mid-price product segment. H: The Company is expanding its operations in China.
neutral P: In total, variable cash flows of €0.1 million (2018: €4.1 million) were hedged and designated as hedged items, all of which are cash flows expected in 2021 to 2024. H: The company will increase its investment in renewable energy sources in 2025.
entailment P: By pursuing an appropriate financial management strategy, the KION Group makes sufficient cash and cash equivalents available at all times to meet the Group companies’ operational and strategic funding requirements. H: The KION Group ensures its companies have the necessary financial resources for operations and growth through strategic financial planning.
neutral P: Under this agenda item, the committee discusses general parameters, such as the planning horizon, the identification of required skills and qualifications, and the internal talent pool. H: The budget allocation for the next fiscal year has been increased to support new projects.
entailment  P: The Supervisory Board considers five of the eight shareholder representatives to currently be independent of the anchor investor Weichai: Hans Peter Ring, Birgit A. Behrendt, Dr. Alexander Dibelius, Dr. Nicolas Peter, and Dr. Christina Reuter.  H: Hans Peter Ring is considered independent of the anchor investor Weichai by the Supervisory Board.
neutral P: The rise in other functional costs was mainly due to the increased volume of business and was stronger than the rate of revenue growth. H: The company launched a new marketing campaign last quarter.
entailment P: The bulk of the total revenue in this segment is generated by internal IT and logistics services. H: Internal IT and logistics services are significant contributors to the segment's revenue.
neutral P: Starting with the 2021 tranche, 20 percent of the performance share plan is now linked to ESG targets. H: The company has seen an increase in its stock value since the implementation of ESG-linked performance shares.
entailment P: The 2017 Authorization has not been used so far. H: No activities requiring the 2017 Authorization have been undertaken yet.
neutral P: The calculation draws on observable historical loss data, information on current conditions, and the economic outlook. H: The accuracy of future financial forecasts has improved due to technological advancements.
entailment P: Rubber increased significantly in price in the second half of the year, and its average for 2020 was above the corresponding figure for 2019. H: The average price of rubber in 2020 was higher than in 2019.
neutral P: The audit was conducted in accordance with EU Audit Regulation (537/2014) and in compliance with German Generally Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (IDW). H: The company undergoing the audit operates in more than one European country.
entailment  P: Gordon Riske acknowledged that the IC trucks and general counterbalance trucks sectors were significantly affected last year. H: The IC trucks and general counterbalance trucks sectors experienced a decline in performance last year.
neutral P: The consolidated financial statements include all of the parent company’s material subsidiaries. H: Some of the subsidiaries specialize in manufacturing electronic components.
entailment P: Other operating expenses also includes foreign currency exchange rate losses resulting from the measurement of bank accounts and cash pools in foreign currencies. H: The company experiences losses when the exchange rate fluctuates unfavorably against bank accounts held in foreign currencies.
neutral P: The liabilities for financing this part of the short-term rental fleet are reported under liabilities from financial services. H: The company plans to expand the short-term rental fleet next year.
entailment P: Net realizable value is the selling price that can be realized less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated necessary selling costs. H: Estimating the net realizable value requires calculating the potential selling price and deducting estimated completion and selling costs.
neutral P: The performance targets of the Group and the segments are based on selected financial indicators, as is the performance-related remuneration paid to managers. H: The company's commitment to environmental sustainability influences its market reputation.
entailment P: The Executive Committee holds four regular meetings per year. H: The Executive Committee meets at least once every three months.
neutral P: Net working capital buildup in the quarter resulted from higher inventories relating to work in progress and lower trade payables. H: The company has launched new products in the market during the quarter.
entailment P: Inside the vehicle, the warning is issued via the vehicle display, while an acoustic signal alerts the surroundings of the imminent danger. H: The vehicle uses both visual and auditory warnings to indicate danger.
neutral P: Deferred taxes are recognized on the resulting temporary differences. H: The company's overall tax strategy includes aggressive tax planning in multiple jurisdictions.
entailment  P: Contract assets, which mainly related to project business in the Supply Chain Solutions segment, increased to €172.1 million (December 31, 2019: €150.2 million).  H: The value of contract assets in the Supply Chain Solutions segment was higher at the end of 2019 than it was at the beginning.
neutral P: Adjusted EBIT excluding intra-group dividend income amounted to minus €72.9 million (2018: minus €45.8 million). H: The company has diversified its investment portfolio in the last financial year.
entailment P: The scope of the control activities to be carried out is dependent on the specific risks and the materiality of the respective subsidiary for the consolidated financial statements of KION GROUP AG. H: KION GROUP AG customizes its control activities based on the evaluation of risks and importance of each subsidiary.
neutral P: The audit program continued in 2022 as a means of ensuring the ongoing systematic management of critical functions. H: The company introduced a new software tool for project management in 2022.
entailment P: Christian Harm And then Gael, I take the second one on the financial expenses. H: Gael and Christian are dividing the financial expenses between them.
neutral P: Products always meet the highest safety standards – even if these are not explicitly required in the respective region. H: The cost of maintaining high safety standards for products varies by region.
entailment P: Five bilateral bank loans with a total volume of €475.0 million were repaid in 2023, in some cases ahead of schedule. H: A sum of €475.0 million in loans was repaid by 2023.
neutral P: Foreign-currency forwards with settlement dates in the same month as the expected cash flows from the Group’s operating activities are used as hedges. H: The Group engages in speculative currency trading to boost its financial performance.
entailment P: Thanks for taking my question, and happy New Year, Ms. Growth. H: The speaker addressed Ms. Growth with a question and a New Year's greeting.
neutral P: The shareholders voted in favor of the motions, in each case by a large majority. H: The company plans to introduce a new product line next year.
entailment P: The items concerned are disclosed and explained separately in the notes. H: The notes contain specific explanations of the items.
neutral P: Outside of the formal meetings, informal working sessions took place to prepare for upcoming resolutions and related complex issues, such as remuneration. H: The organization's annual budget was under review in the latest formal meeting.
entailment P: I would say that's out 6 months. H: The project or item will not be available for half a year.
neutral P: A default is defined as the occurrence of a loss event, such as a borrower being in considerable financial difficulties or a contract being breached. H: The global economy is experiencing a period of growth.
entailment   P: Deferred tax assets are offset against deferred tax liabilities to the extent that they relate to the same taxation authority and there is an intention to settle them on a net basis.   H: Entities aim to net settle deferred tax assets and liabilities with the same tax authority.
neutral P: Further information on goodwill can be found in note [16]. H: The financial report includes a section dedicated to shareholder equity.
entailment P: In cases where entitlements are not securities-linked, some of the KION Group’s pension obligations in Germany under closed plans are financed by way of CTAs. H: The KION Group uses CTAs to finance pension obligations for some closed plans in Germany.
neutral P: No part of this Presentation, nor the fact of its distribution, should form the basis of, or be relied on by any person in connection with, any contract or commitment or investment decision whatsoever. H: The presentation may include statistical data related to market trends.
entailment P: Renewable energy is calculated as the sum of fuels from renewable sources. H: The calculation of renewable energy includes energy from solar power.
neutral P: We’ve not yet seen fully the impact yet, and we expect we’ll see that in the months to come. H: The measures implemented have been effective to some extent.
entailment P: As a result, STILL now has one of the most up-to-date and efficient counterbalance truck portfolios in the EMEA region. H: STILL’s counterbalance truck collection incorporates recent advancements in technology.
neutral P: The ineffective portion of the hedge is also recognized in net financial income/expenses. H: The company employs a variety of financial instruments for hedging purposes.
entailment P: Anke Groth said, "It will be a great event, of course." H: Anke Groth expects the event to be successful.
neutral P: The forecasts in this section are derived from the KION Group’s multi-year market, business, and financial planning, which is based on various assumptions. H: The accuracy of the KION Group’s forecasts depends significantly on market conditions.
entailment P: This involves detailed evaluation of the risks when defining the technical solution. H: Risks are assessed before finalizing the technical solution.
neutral P: Remember, we upgraded our targets some time ago, Q2. H: The team feels more motivated this quarter.
entailment P: The CDP Climate Change score could be improved to leadership level A-. H: The organization is currently not at leadership level A-.
neutral P: For critical materials, the KION Group has also increased its buffer of inventories. H: The KION Group is exploring new markets for its products.
entailment P: Digitalization has led to greater demand for networked trucks, and, for example, for fleet management systems and for products that use big data to support predictive maintenance services (Hans Böckler Foundation, February 2022). H: The trucking industry has seen an increase in the integration of technology for operational efficiency.
neutral P: Risk management is organized in such a way that it directly reflects the structure of the Group itself. H: The Group has recently launched a new product in the market.
entailment P: If it rains, the street gets wet. H: The street is wet because it rained.
neutral P: To our shareholders Corporate governance statement Combined management report Consolidated financial statements Notes to the consolidated financial statements Additional information KION GROUP AG 159 Annual report 2020 [3] Principles of consolidation Acquisitions are accounted for using the acquisition method. H: The KION GROUP AG's market share increased in the fiscal year 2020.
entailment P: Building on their local competitive strength, rivals in emerging markets are also seeking opportunities for expansion in regions outside their local markets, particularly in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment. H: Competitors from emerging markets are entering international markets beyond their original localities.
neutral P: For this purpose, we compared the data entries with the underlying original contracts. H: The contracts were stored in a highly secure digital format.
entailment P: Our expectation is that the market does finish down the way we described and us to finish in line with the market. H: Our performance will match the market's downturn as expected.
neutral P: The company will constantly strive to reduce its CO2 emissions. H: The company will invest in renewable energy sources.
entailment P: As at the end of 2021, the companies of the KION Group together held a total of 2,804 patent applications and issued patents (December 31, 2020: 2,836). H: The KION Group experienced a decrease in the total number of patent applications and issued patents from the end of 2020 to the end of 2021.
neutral P: Adjusted EBIT for the reporting period is EBIT adjusted for Company-specific purchase price allocation effects and non-recurring items. H: The company's overall financial health is directly correlated with its Adjusted EBIT figures.
entailment P: A separately published sustainability report provides detailed information on the sustainable management of the KION Group. H: The KION Group has made its sustainability management practices publicly available.
neutral P: With regard to recommendation B.3 of the 2020 Code, the Supervisory Board will determine the duration of initial appointments of members of the Executive Board on a case-by-case basis and in the Company’s best interests. H: Members of the Executive Board receive specific training on corporate governance upon their appointment.
entailment P: The order of magnitude of the difference between the price rises in your orders this quarter and the pricing in your revenue is being queried. H: There has been a change in the price of orders this quarter compared to the revenue pricing.
neutral P: A short-term rental business is generally classified as an operating lease. H: The profitability of short-term rental businesses varies by location.
entailment P: The KION Group believes that customers' desire for ever-faster delivery times coupled with the growing shortage of skilled workers has made companies more willing to invest in the automation and digitalization of their supply chains (Forbes, October 2023). H: Companies are increasingly investing in supply chain automation and digitalization to meet customer demands for faster delivery times and to address labor shortages.
neutral P: Leases are generally linked to a service contract covering the term of the finance agreement. H: The quality of service provided under the service contract varies significantly among different lessors.
entailment P: Further legal risk may arise as a result of the environmental restoration of decommissioned sites, for example because of work required due to contamination. H: Contaminated decommissioned sites may lead to legal actions during environmental restoration efforts.
neutral P: In May 2021, the KION Group notched up an ESG score of 47 as part of the broad rating from Vigeo Eiris. H: The KION Group's investments in renewable energy projects have increased since 2020.
entailment P: The KION Group’s products and services destined for its customers are produced by committed employees. H: The employees producing products and services for the KION Group show dedication to their work.
neutral P: This can give rise to risks regarding component availability. H: The cost of production materials may fluctuate due to market demands.
entailment   P: As at December 31, 2023, the guaranteed amount totaled €80.1 million (December 31, 2022: €102.8 million).   H: The guaranteed amount decreased from December 31, 2022, to December 31, 2023.
neutral P: The Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG consists of 16 members, eight of whom are employee representatives and eight are shareholder representatives. H: Members of the Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG have diverse backgrounds in finance and engineering.
entailment P: It is also conceivable that competitors will join forces and their resulting stronger position will be detrimental to the KION Group’s sales opportunities. H: The KION Group may face challenges in maintaining its sales levels.
neutral P: LMH EMEA received a gold ranking from the rating agency Ecovadis. H: LMH EMEA has implemented new environmental policies in the past year.
entailment P: Taking into account the average trade tax rate of 14.9 percent, the combined nominal tax rate for entities in Germany was 30.7 percent in both 2022 and the current year. H: The trade tax rate remained constant at 14.9 percent over the period from 2022 to the current year.
neutral P: The incidental acquisition costs incurred in connection with the business combination amounted to €2.7 million. H: The business combination led to the development of new products.
entailment P: Price competition is compounded by some manufacturers having cost advantages, sometimes due to the currency situation and sometimes because local labor costs are lower. H: Manufacturers with lower production costs due to currency or labor advantages contribute to intensifying price competition.
neutral P: Other financial liabilities (Non-current and current other financial liabilities) stood at €693.7 million as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: €652.0 million). H: The increase in financial liabilities was primarily due to new loan agreements.
entailment P: The percentage of completion is determined based on the proportion of the contract costs that have already been incurred to the total contract costs estimated as at the reporting date. H: The calculation of the percentage of completion involves comparing incurred costs to estimated total costs.
neutral P: We confirm the targeted €80 million to €100 million cumulated cost savings by 2023. H: The company plans to introduce a new product line next year.
entailment P: Our expectation this year is, also, we have a view that it’s going to be lower this year than last year. H: There is an expectation of a decrease from last year to this year.
neutral P: In addition, the other information comprises the separate consolidated non-financial report, which is expected to be published subsequently on KION GROUP AG's website by 30 April 2021. H: The consolidated financial report of KION GROUP AG includes detailed environmental sustainability metrics.
entailment P: However, KION GROUP AG has the right to satisfy each programme participant’s entitlement by paying a cash settlement instead of granting a bonus share. H: Programme participants at KION GROUP AG may receive a cash settlement as their entitlement.
neutral P: Let's move together to Page 6, and I'll talk you through the industrial truck market and order intake. H: The person has previously discussed the financial performance of the company in the meeting.
entailment P: Furthermore, financial income was reduced by changes in the fair value of interest-rate derivatives that are used to hedge the lease portfolio and are designated as part of a fair value hedge or are accounted for separately. H: The company utilizes interest-rate derivatives to manage risk associated with its lease portfolio.
neutral P: The ultimate objective of the KION Group’s HR strategy is to provide the best possible support for the targeted implementation of the KION 2027 strategy. H: The KION Group plans to expand its market share in Asia by 2025.
entailment P: The determination of the criteria and parameters in these applications are subject to the executive directors’ judgement. H: The executive directors have the authority to influence the criteria and parameters of the applications.
neutral P: Driverless industrial trucks will also offer huge potential in the future. H: Increasing investment in renewable energy sources is essential for environmental sustainability.
entailment P: Ultimately, however, the Supervisory Board is guided exclusively by the skills and qualifications of the persons concerned when making appointments to the Executive Board. H: The Supervisory Board does not consider factors other than skills and qualifications for Executive Board appointments.
neutral P: So, we expect there will be some slowing in the second half. H: The company has been investing heavily in new technology.
entailment P: If KION shares outperform the MDAX by 6.67 per cent and the ROCE targets defined each year on the basis of the budget are achieved, total target achievement will be 100 per cent. H: KION's performance met the predefined criteria for total target achievement.
neutral P: As at 31 December 2019, the fair value of one phantom share was €40.99 for the 2018 tranche (2018: €24.25) and €50.27 for the 2019 tranche. H: The overall performance of the stock market in 2019 influenced the fair value of the phantom shares.
entailment P: The reconciliation of funded status and net defined benefit obligation to the amounts reported in the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December is shown in TABLE 081. H: Detailed reconciliation regarding the company's pension plan funding status as of 31 December can be found in TABLE 081.
neutral P: The KION Group mitigates this risk through a wide range of product variants made possible by modular concepts, along with good availability of services, mainly in the volume and premium segments. H: The KION Group plans to expand its market reach to include middle-income segments in the near future.
entailment P: The segment’s new truck business benefited from exceptionally strong customer demand that was underpinned by pent-up demand following the pandemic-related restrictions in 2020 and by orders brought forward. H: The segment saw an increase in new truck orders due to increased customer demand after the pandemic restrictions lifted.
neutral P: As new business grew by 11.2%, service revenues increased by 5.2% in 2019. H: The company launched a new marketing campaign in 2019.
entailment P: Furthermore, as part of the iPEP product evolution process, all new development projects in the ITS segment are reviewed for potential improvements, taking into account experience from previous projects. H: New ITS development projects are evaluated using insights from past endeavors to enhance their quality and effectiveness.
neutral P: The age structure of financial liabilities is reviewed and optimized continually. H: The company is planning to expand its operations to new markets next year.
entailment P: The KION Group remains committed to introducing new programs targeted at specific groups and to offering its employees interesting career opportunities and flexible, family-friendly working-time models. H: The KION Group is introducing programs that aim to benefit its employees' work-life balance and career growth.
neutral P: Jorge González Sadornil said, "Thank you very much, Rob." H: Jorge prefers coffee over tea in the mornings.
entailment P: Manual and automated solutions are provided for all functions along customers’ supply chains, from goods inward and Multishuttle warehouse systems through to order picking. H: Customers have access to automated order picking solutions.
neutral P: The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG is responsible for the strategic and operational management of the KION Group. H: KION GROUP AG recently launched a new product line in the market.
entailment P: Where there is a range of possible outcomes and each individual point within the range has an equal probability of occurring, the provision is recognized in the amount of the mean of the individual points. H: The provision is calculated as an average value given the equal likelihood of all potential outcomes.
neutral P: New AMRs designed for use in warehouses and factories were added to the portfolio of automation solutions last year. H: The company that added new AMRs to its portfolio is planning to expand its market to include residential automation solutions.
entailment P: The cost of finished goods and work in progress includes direct costs and an appropriate portion of the material and production overheads and production-related depreciation directly attributable to the production process. H: Determining the cost of finished goods requires considering both direct costs and specific indirect costs related to production.
neutral P: At €2,009.0 million, the KION Group’s net working capital as at the end of 2023 was comparable to the level a year earlier (December 31, 2022: €2,050.2 million). H: The KION Group has launched new product lines in 2023.
entailment P: In May 2021, Standard & Poor’s initially confirmed its issuer rating of BB+ and raised the outlook from stable to positive. H: Standard & Poor's assessment of the issuer's creditworthiness improved in May 2021.
neutral P: Transcripts from the conference calls for the 2022 annual results and 2023 quarterly results, along with the associated presentations, form part of the extensive information for analysts and investors that is available on the Company’s website. H: The analysts and investors frequently download other corporate documents, such as sustainability reports, from the Company’s website.
entailment P: The Executive Board of the KION Group can look back on a very encouraging 2023. H: The KION Group experienced positive economic performance in 2023.
neutral P: Those are one element of the many inflationary levers that are out in the environment right now. H: Global stock markets experienced a significant downturn last quarter.
entailment P: A prime example is the latest innovation from our automation specialist Dematic. H: Dematic has recently developed a new innovation.
neutral P: The auditor that had been engaged to audit the consolidated financial statements in 2022 was Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft. H: The company being audited has been in business for over fifty years.
entailment P: That would be the single biggest one that affects us. H: It significantly impacts us.
neutral P: The hedge ratio, which is derived from the volume of hedged items and the hedging instruments used, is 1:1. H: The effectiveness of the hedge significantly reduces the financial risk for the company.
entailment   P: The total remuneration paid to former members of the Executive Board in 2019 amounted to €0.3 million (2018: €0.3 million).   H: The remuneration for former members of the Executive Board did not increase from 2018 to 2019.
neutral P: Serious accidents are reported within one working day (Serious Incident Report, SIR) and a detailed report is drawn up. H: Minor accidents may or may not require a detailed report.
entailment P: So, the real strong drivers for automation are very much intact, and we expect that -- and the pipeline, as I described, is a good robust pipeline. H: The factors influencing the adoption of automation remain unchanged and strong.
neutral P: This still presents a barrier to growth for some of these manufacturers, but the bar is getting lower. H: The overall market demand for these manufacturers' products is increasing.
entailment P: The highlights showcased our collaboration between SCS and ITS, illustrating how we offer customers comprehensive intralogistics solutions.  H: SCS and ITS work together to provide a range of services for intralogistics.
neutral P: After taking into account non-recurring items and purchase price allocation effects, EBIT came to €176.0 million (2019: €129.6 million). H: The company has been investing heavily in marketing for the past two years.
entailment P: Initially limited to Germany, the program was then rolled out to more countries. H: The program expanded beyond Germany.
neutral P: As a global leader in intralogistics, we’ll benefit from the structural growth in our attractive end markets. H: The company is planning to expand its workforce to meet increasing demand.
entailment P: The forecasts in this section are derived from the KION Group’s multiple-year market, business, and financial planning, which is based on various assumptions. H: The accuracy of the forecasts depends on the validity of the underlying assumptions.
neutral P: In 2022, like in the previous year, one in six forklift trucks sold in the company’s ITS segment was an item of used equipment. H: The company’s profit margins on new forklift trucks have steadily increased over the past three years.
entailment P: The new credit facility, which is also intended to improve funding conditions, has a term of five years that can be extended by up to two years with the consent of the syndicate of banks. H: The credit facility's term could potentially last seven years if the banks agree.
neutral P: However, we made sure that all contract types were subject to our examination. H: The efficiency of the examination process has improved over the past year.
entailment P: Moreover, the risk of a change in the fair value of a fixed-rate tranche of the promissory note that was issued in 2018 is hedged using an interest-rate swap, thereby creating a EURIBOR-based variable-rate obligation. H: The interest-rate swap is used to manage the risk associated with the fluctuation in the fair value of the fixed-rate tranche.
neutral P: The rules of procedure laid down by the Supervisory Board define the areas of responsibility of the Executive Board members and the way in which they work together. H: The financial performance of KION GROUP AG improved in the fiscal year 2019.
entailment P: As a rule, the external financing of the Group’s activities is handled by KION GROUP AG. H: KION GROUP AG is responsible for securing external funds for the Group's operations.
neutral P: To achieve its very ambitious goals, the Company needs an experienced and successful officer in the region who is familiar with its day-to-day business and its strengths and weaknesses and who is able to implement the strategic path that has been laid out. H: The company plans to expand its operations into new international markets within the next year.
entailment P: The fair value of other financial investments was determined using prices quoted in an active market and other observable inputs. H: The valuation of the investments incorporated current market prices.
neutral P: Otherwise, the executive directors are responsible for the other information. H: The company has recently expanded its operations into new markets.
entailment P: In the APAC region, the second quarter was down 9%, impacted by the corona pandemic. H: The corona pandemic had a negative economic impact on the APAC region in the second quarter.
neutral P: In certain operating and finance activities, the KION Group is subject to credit risk. H: The KION Group's market share in Asia has increased in the last fiscal year.
entailment P: The industrial truck recognized as a leased asset is carried at cost, while the lease receivable is recognized at an amount equal to the net investment in the lease. H: The cost of the industrial truck and the net investment in the lease are recorded as separate valuations in financial records.
neutral P: Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. H: The new accounting software was implemented after the date of our auditor’s report.
entailment P: As part of the capital increase in May 2017, 9.3 million new shares were issued on the basis of the 2017 Authorised Capital. H: The number of outstanding shares of the company increased in May 2017.
neutral P: For 2024, in terms of gross risk value, competition risks continue to be regarded as having a low level of risk and a medium probability of occurrence. H: Companies will prioritize innovation in their strategies for 2024.
entailment   P: In the direct lease business, industrial trucks with a carrying amount of €1,022.   H: The direct lease business involves assets, specifically industrial trucks valued at €1,022.
neutral P: Another key milestone in product development was the migration of the fleet management solutions of Linde and STILL and of Dematic’s InSight asset performance management (APM) platform to the Company’s own cloud. H: The migration significantly improved the overall system security of the fleet management solutions and the InSight APM platform.
entailment P: In the prior year, this item included a sum of €2.3 million for contingent liabilities assumed jointly with another shareholder of a joint venture. H: The item accounted for shared contingent liabilities from a joint venture.
neutral P: The KION Group proved to be a reliable performer yet again in 2019, achieving targets despite difficult conditions. H: The KION Group's innovation strategy contributed to its market expansion in 2019.
entailment P: Under UK law, the board of trustees is obliged to have a valuation of the plan carried out at least every three years. H: The plan will be valued within a three-year interval.
neutral P: At KION Group, we believe this is primarily because of the fundamental growth drivers that still remain in place, particularly the fragmentation of value chains and consumers' increasing preference for e-commerce. H: KION Group is expanding its market presence in Asia.
entailment P: Other property, plant, and equipment also included right-of-use assets related to procurement leases, which rose to €589.2 million as at the end of 2023 (December 31, 2022: €543.5 million). H: The value of right-of-use assets related to procurement leases increased between the end of 2022 and the end of 2023.
neutral P: In the new truck business, the decline in the number of units sold was partly offset by price increases. H: The company has launched a marketing campaign to attract more young buyers.
entailment P: The first bond was placed on the capital markets under this program in 2020 and had a nominal amount of €500.0 million, a maturity date in 2025, and a coupon of 1.625 percent. H: The bond issued under this program will mature in 5 years from its issuance date.
neutral P: The cost of sales, conversely, fell by 4.0 percent year on year to €8,652.5 million, as the figure for 2022 had been affected by sharp increases in costs for materials, energy, and logistics. H: The company introduced a new product line in 2022.
entailment P: At the customer’s request, fuel cells can also be integrated into LMH EMEA and STILL EMEA’s industrial trucks. H: LMH EMEA and STILL EMEA offer customization options for their industrial trucks.
neutral P: Both the long-term variable remuneration and the short-term variable remuneration of the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG and the KION Group management are linked to non-financial targets from core areas of the sustainability strategy. H: The KION Group has implemented new environmental policies in the past year.
entailment P: In future, the Executive Board will assume the responsibilities of the GEC. H: The GEC's duties will be managed by the Executive Board moving forward.
neutral P: These can be accessed in English from the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the company (www.weichaipower.com). H: The company's recent financial report shows an increase in annual revenue.
entailment P: For this reason, when defining the lease term, the KION Group takes into consideration all facts and circumstances that offer an economic incentive to exercise extension options or to not exercise termination options. H: The KION Group's lease term decisions are influenced by potential economic benefits.
neutral P: Pursuant to IFRS, these assets are not amortized and their measurement depends, above all, on expectations about the future financial performance of the KION Group. H: The market share of the KION Group is expected to increase in the next financial year.
entailment P: Where a contract includes multiple distinct goods or services, the transaction price is allocated to the performance obligations on the basis of the relative selling prices. H: The individual selling price of each good or service in a contract affects how the total transaction price is distributed among them.
neutral P: No concerns were raised as a result of the Supervisory Board’s review of the report. H: The report was prepared by the company's financial department.
entailment P: Current interest payments decreased from €42.9 million in 2018 to €36.7 million in 2019 due to a year-on-year fall in average net debt. H: The average net debt was lower in 2019 than in 2018.
neutral P: That is why all KION companies aim to ensure a high level of employee commitment. H: KION companies are planning to expand their operations into new markets.
entailment P: Derivative financial instruments that are part of a formally documented hedge with a hedged item are not assigned to any of the IFRS 9 measurement categories and are therefore recognized in accordance with the hedge accounting rules described below. H: Derivative financial instruments used in a documented hedging relationship are governed exclusively by hedge accounting rules, not the IFRS 9 measurement categories.
entailment P: To further promote equality of opportunity for women, the KION Group has been a member of the initiative “Chefsache.” H: The KION Group supports initiatives aimed at enhancing gender equality.
neutral P: If there are certain indications of impairment of the property, plant and equipment, the assets are tested for impairment by comparing the residual carrying amount of the assets with their recoverable amount. H: The method used to determine the residual carrying amount of the assets may vary across different industries.
entailment P: It is expected that the bulk of the cash payments for the other obligations will be incurred within the next two years after the reporting date. H: Significant financial outlays for obligations are anticipated within two years following the report.
neutral P: Pension expenses essentially comprised the pension entitlements of €52.9 million vested in 2020 (2019: €41.5 million). H: The company revised its employee benefits policy in 2021.
entailment P: Do you need to have a down payment before you book, or can that come after you booking the order? H: A down payment may be required at the time of booking or after the booking has been made.
neutral P: The recognition and measurement of other provisions are based on an estimate of the probability of the future outflow of resources, supplemented by past experience and the circumstances known to the Group at the reporting date. H: The accuracy of financial forecasts impacts the company's investment decisions.
entailment P: The meeting allows for participation through both video conferencing and attendance in person. H: Participants have the option to join the meeting remotely.
neutral P: Depreciation of property, plant, and equipment is recognized on a straight-line basis and reported under functional costs. H: The company's revenue has increased due to a surge in product demand.
entailment P: Any goodwill arising from the acquisition of an associate or joint venture is included in the carrying amount of the investment in the associate or joint venture.  H: The carrying amount of an associate or joint venture investment reflects the goodwill from its acquisition.
neutral P: And those leasing contracts are also -- when a new truck goes out on a leasing contract, it comes with a service contract. H: The company offers a discount on insurance for leased trucks.
entailment P: Both are experienced executives with a proven track record in their areas of responsibility and a compelling vision for the future of our Company. H: The Company will benefit from their leadership and vision.
neutral P: Contact information for reporting can be found in the compliance department’s section on the KION Group’s website. H: The KION Group has multiple departments listed on its website.
entailment P: The accounting guidelines primarily explain the financial reporting principles specific to the KION Group’s business. H: The KION Group has its own set of financial reporting principles.
neutral P: So does that mean you wouldn’t commit to that typical seasonality at this time, at this stage at least? H: The company is exploring various strategic options for the upcoming fiscal year.
entailment P: In combination with the Group-wide HSE risk assessment, this will provide a comprehensive picture of the HSE risks and the relevant risk management measures in place at the sites. H: The Group-wide HSE risk assessment helps in identifying and managing HSE risks across various sites.
neutral P: In 2019, no company in the KION Group paid or granted any remuneration or other benefits to members of the Supervisory Board for services provided as individuals, such as consulting or brokerage activities. H: Members of the Supervisory Board in the KION Group have other sources of income outside of their board duties.
entailment P: A heavy rainstorm caused the town to flood. H: The town experienced flooding.
neutral P: The KION Group also bears the full risk of possible future pension adjustments resulting from changes in longevity and inflation. H: The KION Group's financial performance is directly influenced by stock market trends.
entailment P: Losses are possible because a successful cyberattack can result not only in financial losses and liability risk but also reputational damage. H: A company may suffer reputational damage following a cyberattack.
neutral P: After Dr. John Feldmann stepped down as a shareholder representative on the Supervisory Board and thus as its chairman, the Supervisory Board elected me as its new chairman during its constitutive meeting on 9 May 2019. H: Dr. John Feldmann is considering starting his own company.
entailment P: The first bond under this program, which had a total volume of €500.0 million and a term of five years, was placed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in September 2020. H: The Luxembourg Stock Exchange listed a €500.0 million bond in September 2020.
neutral P: The eight employee representatives are elected by the employees in accordance with the German Codetermination Act. H: Some elected employee representatives prefer coffee over tea.
entailment P: The capital increase was entered in the commercial register on December 7, 2020. H: The commercial register includes a record of the capital increase as of December 7, 2020.
neutral P: The target range for adjusted EBIT is €770.0 million to €850.0 million. H: The company plans to increase its investment in research and development.
entailment P: The proportionately smaller decrease in capital employed at the end of 2020 than the decrease in earnings suggests a financial relationship. H: The rate of decrease in capital employed was less than that of earnings in 2020.
neutral P: Since 2021, the KION Group has been using amortizing interest-rate swaps to hedge the fair value of certain lease receivables at portfolio level in accordance with IAS 39. H: The KION Group's overall financial health significantly improved due to its hedging strategy.
entailment P: The vast majority of the Group companies participate in KION GROUP AG’s groupwide cash pool. H: KION GROUP AG manages a cash pool that includes contributions from most of its Group companies.
neutral P: Some are Company-specific adjustments of certain financial KPIs, for example, the adjustment of financial KPIs for non-recurring items. H: The practice of adjusting financial KPIs makes comparing companies within the same industry more straightforward.
entailment P: Further capital expenditure projects were launched in connection with the targets defined in the KION 2027 strategy. H: The KION 2027 strategy includes specific targets that guide investment projects.
neutral P: The 2020 Authorized Capital became effective when the corresponding change to the articles of association was entered in the commercial register at the Frankfurt am Main local court (HRB 112163) on August 5, 2020. H: The 2020 Authorized Capital adjustment was motivated by the need for expanding the company's operations abroad.
entailment P: Pursuant to section 315e (1) HGB, the consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). H: The consolidated financial statements comply with the requirements of section 315e (1) HGB.
neutral P: Contract assets mainly related to project business in the Supply Chain Solutions segment and, at €150.2 million, were also higher than at the end of the previous year (2018: €119.3 million). H: The company has diversified its investment portfolio across various sectors outside the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
entailment  P: During Supply Chain Day, the KION Group teamed up with the German Logistics Association (BVL) and its brand companies Linde Material Handling, STILL, and Dematic to provide virtual insights into warehouse logistics processes.  H: Participants had the opportunity to learn about warehouse logistics processes online during Supply Chain Day.
neutral P: How big can that be for the IT&S division? H: The IT&S division plans to implement new software next quarter.
entailment P: The order book was still well filled, however. H: There were outstanding orders yet to be completed.
neutral P: Cash and cash equivalents break down as follows: The change in cash and cash equivalents is shown in the table ‘Consolidated statement of cash flows’. H: The overall financial health of the company improved in the last fiscal year.
entailment P: The previous credit facility, whose term was due to end in February 2023 and which had a volume of €1,150.0 million, was terminated at the same time. H: The credit facility was not active beyond February 2023.
neutral P: Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ESEF documents are free from material intentional or unintentional non-compliance with the requirements of Section 328 (1) HGB. H: The process of auditing ESEF documents involves the use of advanced data analytics tools.
entailment P: This is due in large part to the growth in the volume of new truck business and the rise in the contribution from the service business compared to the past. H: The service business has become more significant in contributing to overall growth.
neutral P: Non-financial risks that arise on an ongoing basis are screened, evaluated, and managed. H: The company has implemented a successful marketing strategy.
entailment P: In addition, KION continued to focus on developing and enhancing energy-efficient solutions in the reporting year. H: KION developed or improved solutions that use less energy last year.
neutral P: For its accounting process, the KION Group has defined suitable structures and processes as part of its internal control and risk management system and implemented them throughout the Group. H: The implementation of the internal control and risk management system has directly contributed to an increase in the KION Group's market share.
entailment P: We are on the right track, as can be seen from the high level of order intake in our Supply Chain Solutions segment, for example. H: The Supply Chain Solutions segment is experiencing significant demand.
neutral P: In the event of temporary incapacity for a further six months, the Executive Board member will receive 80 per cent of his fixed salary, but only up to a point at which the service contract is terminated. H: The company has a policy in place to manage long-term absenteeism among staff members.
entailment P: We started a Q&A session. H: Questions are being asked and answered.
neutral P: As part of the digitalization of internal processes, the fleet management solutions from STILL (neXXt fleet) and Linde (connect:desk) and Dematic’s iQ InSights asset performance management platform were migrated to the corporate cloud. H: The migration process involved significant downtime for all systems involved.
Entailment P: Goodwill and brand names with an indefinite useful life represented 27.6 percent of total assets as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: 28.3 percent). H: The proportion of total assets accounted for by goodwill and brand names with an indefinite useful life decreased from 2021 to 2022.
neutral P: Net financial income fell by €14.7 million to €337.5 million in 2022 (2021: €352.2 million). H: The company invested in new technologies during the fiscal year of 2022.
entailment P: In 2021, Dematic enhanced its end-to-end warehouse automation solutions and implemented them for its customers, which included an international retail chain. H: An international retail chain utilized Dematic's enhanced warehouse automation solutions in 2021.
neutral P: The KION Group uses amortizing payer interest-rate swaps in the same currency to hedge the risk of a change in the fair value of certain lease receivables. H: The KION Group has expanded its portfolio to include new technology investments beyond financial instruments.
entailment P: On 9 May 2019, there was a change at the helm of the Supervisory Board. H: A new person took over the leadership of the Supervisory Board on 9 May 2019.
neutral P: The cost of internally generated machinery and equipment includes all costs directly attributable to the production process and an appropriate portion of production overheads. H: The efficiency of the machinery directly correlates with the scale of production overheads allocated.
entailment P: Reduction of greenhouse gas emissions in products and solutions. The KION Group products and solutions are an essential part of its customers’ value chain and directly impact their sustainability ambitions. H: Customers of the KION Group can achieve their sustainability goals more effectively by using its low-emission products and solutions.
neutral P: The position of Chief Financial Officer / Labor Relations Director was vacant until the end of the reporting period; the Company's Chief Executive Officer carried out the relevant duties on an interim basis. H: The company is planning to expand its operations into new markets next year.
entailment P: The amounts previously recognised in the hedge reserve are subsequently reclassified to the income statement when the gain or loss on the corresponding hedged item is recognised. H: Reclassification to the income statement of amounts from the hedge reserve is dependent on the recognition of gain or loss on hedged items.
neutral P: And then the internal combustion and the E-trucks are both counterbalanced. H: The development of E-trucks has led to reduced emissions compared to traditional internal combustion engine trucks.
entailment P: Overall, the reduction in post-employment benefit costs and other benefits was mainly due to the change in the pension benefit conditions in Germany, which resulted in unrecognized past service income of €32.7 million. H: The pension benefit modifications in Germany led to a decrease in benefit-related expenses. 
neutral P: The KION GROUP AG Q1 2022 Update Call Conference Call Transcript dated 28.04.2022 at 15:00 CET featured Rob Smith as the CEO. H: The KION GROUP AG is planning to expand its operations into new international markets next year.
entailment   P: A AktG must not exceed 10 percent of the share capital at any time.   H: The maximum share of an AktG in its share capital is limited to 10 percent.
neutral P: Order intake was up 10% year-on-year to €2.9 billion and contracted sequentially from a record high in the fourth quarter of ‘21. H: The company's research and development expenses remained consistent throughout the fiscal year.
entailment P: In 2021, one of the six Executive Board members was female (Ms. Anke Groth). H: The Executive Board included a female member in 2021.
neutral P: All STILL trucks and equipment are supported by digital control, safety and assistance systems. H: The efficiency of STILL trucks and equipment is enhanced through regular maintenance schedules.
entailment P: The rise in segment revenue was driven both by the project business (business solutions) and by the service business, which reported revenue growth of 17.6 percent and 10.7 percent respectively. H: Both the project business and the service business experienced revenue growth.
neutral P: As well as direct costs, these also include relevant overheads. H: The calculation of total project costs involves various factors beyond mere material expenses.
entailment P: Group companies had drawn down bank loans of €129.7 million (December 31, 2021: €104.0 million). H: The amount of bank loans drawn by the Group companies increased between December 31, 2021, and the reporting date.
neutral P: In particular, the KION Group Code of Compliance serves as a Group-wide guideline in that respect. H: The KION Group has recently expanded its operations into new international markets.
entailment P: The fair value on the grant date was determined on the basis of Monte Carlo simulation. H: A Monte Carlo simulation was used to determine the fair value.
neutral P: The amounts that had been recognized as an expense were €2.2 million for the audit of the financial statements, €0.4 million for other attestation services, €0.0 million for tax consultancy services, and €0.0 million for other services. H: The company plans to increase its investment in marketing strategies next year.
entailment P: But they are also having a part of the overall decrease in margin. H: The margin is decreasing.
neutral P: Equally, the inclusion of sustainability principles in the Group-wide KION Group Code of Compliance means they shape the actions of every individual in the company. H: Employees at KION Group have different opinions about the new cafeteria menu.
entailment P: Last year, KION subsidiary Linde Material Handling GmbH unveiled its new generation of electric forklift truck models (Linde X20–X35) with a load capacity of 2.5 to 3 tonnes, whose power output is comparable with trucks driven by internal combustion engines. H: Linde Material Handling GmbH has developed electric forklifts that perform as well as those with internal combustion engines.
neutral P: Some companies make specific adjustments to certain financial KPIs, for example, the adjustment of financial KPIs for non-recurring items. H: The overall financial health of a company can be accurately assessed by analyzing its adjusted financial KPIs.
entailment P: The amount of the net obligation is also particularly affected by the discount rates, and the low level of interest rates – especially in the eurozone – is resulting in a comparatively large net obligation. H: In the eurozone, the size of net obligations increases with the decrease of interest rates.
neutral P: The results provide insight into the sustainability performance of the KION Group's suppliers worldwide, with the aim of providing a central information system for all sites. H: Supplier sustainability performance significantly impacts KION Group's market share.
entailment P: Rob Smith referred to an article in Handelsblatt from two days ago that discussed repricing measures in this unprecedented environment. H: The Handelsblatt published an article discussing repricing measures recently.
neutral P: Please bear in mind today is the 17th of January. H: The local coffee shop introduced a new latte flavor last week.
entailment P: In the reporting year, 41,061 participants received a total of over 33,000 online and face-to-face training hours on compliance, primarily on anti-corruption, handling of conflicts of interest, and compliance for management. H: More than 33,000 hours of compliance training were conducted in the reporting year.
neutral P: The path to climate neutrality and circular economy criteria therefore play an increasing role in supplier selection and procurement decisions. H: Companies are investing more in renewable energy sources to reduce their carbon footprint.
entailment P: The Supervisory Board was always fully involved in major decisions affecting the Company from an early stage. H: No major decision affecting the Company was made without consulting the Supervisory Board.
neutral P: And over time, we do expect these things all to come back. H: The economic impact of these events will be studied in detail next year.
entailment P: These measurements are based, for example, on estimates of future cash flows, expected growth rates, exchange rates, discount rates, and useful lives. H: The accuracy of these measurements is dependent on the reliability of financial forecasts and market conditions.
neutral P: STILL also won an IFOY award (International Intralogistics and Forklift Truck of the Year) in the integrated warehouse solution category in 2021. H: STILL designs both manual and automated forklift solutions for warehouses.
entailment P: Shaping the future of supply chains globally, KION Group continues to develop its leading position in the intralogistics industry. H: KION Group is influencing global supply chain practices through its innovations in intralogistics.
neutral P: The fair value of interest-rate swaps was calculated as the present value of the future cash flows. H: The interest-rate swap market has seen increased volatility in recent months.
entailment P: As a rule, the external financing of the Group’s activities is handled by KION GROUP AG. H: KION GROUP AG is responsible for securing outside funds for the Group's operations.
neutral P: Last year did finish in line with our expectations. H: The CEO has a background in mechanical engineering.
entailment P: The report thus covers all consolidated companies based in 37 countries and with around 400 locations. H: The report includes information from companies located in multiple countries.
Neutral P: Page 38 KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q2 2022 Update Call Transcription So thanks for your time. H: The KION GROUP AG's stock performance in Q3 2022 remains uncertain.
entailment P: In the medium term, new barriers to trade could significantly hamper sales channels and lead to renewed disruption to global supply chains that would have a knock-on effect on production. H: Global supply chain disruptions could result in decreased production levels.
neutral P: So let's see how it develops, and we'll be giving you some good views on next year at the end of February. H: The assessment will cover various sectors, including technology and healthcare.
entailment P: The Supply Chain Solutions segment is also driving the scalability of products and solutions by refining its subsystems and standard modules. H: The enhancements in subsystems and standard modules contribute to the scalability of products and solutions in the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
neutral P: So I was wondering if you had concerns over site access to be able to access projects, just to understand what would drive your lower end of the range if it were to happen. H: The project timelines are flexible to accommodate unforeseen delays.
entailment P: The gross risk level of the risks arising from the customer project business was raised from medium to high. H: The customer project business is now considered to have a high risk level.
neutral P: Even the mere appearance of such a conflict of interest must be avoided. H: The organization regularly reviews its conflict of interest policy.
entailment P: Third-party industry publications, studies, and surveys generally state that the data contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but that there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of such data. H: The reliability of data in third-party industry publications, studies, and surveys cannot be fully assured.
neutral P: In North America, in the Q4 2019, we had minus 0.4%, nearly reached prior-year level. H: The company's R&D investments increased in 2019.
entailment P: The following tables show the assignment of fair values to the individual levels as defined by IFRS 13 for financial instruments measured at fair value. H: IFRS 13 provides a framework for classifying financial instruments' fair values into different levels.
neutral P: However, as you know, higher raw material expenses and tight supply chains and, with that, inefficiencies in production remained a challenge in Q3. H: The company plans to diversify its supplier base in the next fiscal year to mitigate similar challenges.
entailment P: Rob Smith stated, "Well, Sven, our products and solutions make a fundamental contribution to our customers’ ability to compete successfully and are right in the middle of the heart of their operations." H: The products and solutions offered by Rob's company are essential for the competitiveness and operational efficiency of their customers.
neutral P: To help increase the proportion of management positions occupied by women, the Executive Board has set targets that are published in the corporate governance statement. H: The company plans to expand its operations into new international markets next year.
entailment P: An external consultancy assists the Executive Committee with long-term succession planning where required. H: The Executive Committee receives support in planning for future leadership transitions.
neutral P: These determinations were last reviewed and adjusted in February 2022. H: The criteria for the determinations are scheduled for a future review.
entailment P: In addition, we examined the accuracy of the Company's previous forecasts by comparing the cost estimates for contracts already completed with the costs actually incurred for these contracts and analysed deviations. H: The Company has methods to evaluate the precision of its cost forecasting for projects.
neutral P: There is a dedicated supply chain sustainability team within the central purchasing department that organizes the sustainability strategy holistically and the work plan across the categories. H: The company's profits have increased due to enhanced sustainability practices.
entailment P: At the meetings, the board members discuss measures and business that, under the Executive Board’s rules of procedure, must be approved by the full Executive Board. H: The full Executive Board has the authority to approve measures and business discussed in the meetings.
neutral P: And higher discount rates had a positive impact on our pension liabilities, which further reduced to €767 million at the end of the second quarter. H: The company's revenue from sales increased in the second quarter.
Entailment P: And we’re working this in a very agile approach, recognizing, though, that with €3.2 billion of backlog, trucks that we’re taking orders for now will be produced in the next 6 to 14 months. H: The company will not deliver trucks ordered now for at least 6 months due to its current backlog.
neutral P: In addition, the consideration received that exceeds the amount that is expected to be paid when the industrial truck is returned is initially treated as deferred income and the revenue is subsequently recognized in installments over the term of the lease. H: The company uses a different accounting method for revenues from sales of industrial trucks.
entailment P: I would expect that our EBIT in absolute terms is slightly affected as well as the margin. H: The company's EBIT and margin numbers will likely experience minor changes.
neutral P: This approach also minimises the environmental impact of goods in transit. H: The cost of implementing green logistics solutions is decreasing annually.
entailment   P: We have 10 part numbers where we don't have full confirmation, but we have all mitigation efforts.   H: Mitigation efforts have been implemented for the 10 part numbers lacking full confirmation.  
neutral P: In addition to a clearly defined competency model and leadership principles, the process is based on the shared KION Group values of Integrity, Collaboration, Courage and Excellence. H: The KION Group's financial performance has significantly improved over the last fiscal year.
entailment   P: Less favorable interest terms may be imposed if the level of leverage is increased significantly.   H: Increasing leverage significantly can lead to higher interest rates.
neutral P: The report contains information on all legal transactions and activities conducted in the reporting year between KION GROUP AG and Weichai Power Co., Ltd., as well as their subsidiaries, and on any requirement to compensate for disadvantages that have arisen. H: KION GROUP AG plans to expand its market presence in Asia next year.
entailment P: Inventories of materials and supplies – particularly steel and electronics – were increased in order to counter procurement risks. H: The company took measures to mitigate risks associated with obtaining steel and electronics.
neutral P: Between meetings of the Supervisory Board and between those of its committees, the chairmen of the Supervisory Board and Audit Committee remained in close contact at all times with the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. H: The company's stock price has shown significant fluctuations over the past year.
entailment P: The increase in demand for a specific type of equipment has led to a surge in requests for related maintenance and repair services. H: Service providers for equipment repair are experiencing higher demand due to the popularity of certain equipment.
neutral P: Rob Smith asked, "Can you hear me now, Martin?". H: Martin is experiencing technical difficulties with his audio equipment.
entailment P: And based on its revenue in 2021, it is the world’s second-largest supplier. H: It had significant revenue in 2021 to rank globally.
neutral P: As differences due to remeasurements are taken to other comprehensive income, any change in these assumptions would not affect the net profit for the current period. H: The company may decide to invest in new technology this year.
entailment P: Section 179 (1) sentence 1 AktG requires that amendments to the articles of association be passed by resolution of the Annual General Meeting. H: Any amendment to the articles of association cannot be finalized without approval from the Annual General Meeting.
neutral P: In organisational terms, the compliance department reports to the Chief Financial Officer and is headed up by the Chief Compliance Officer. H: The compliance department has recently implemented a new software system to improve efficiency.
entailment P: A comprehensive service offering represents a competitive advantage, not only in the premium segment but also in the volume and economy segments. H: A company that provides a comprehensive service offering is likely to outperform its competitors in multiple market segments.
neutral P: Product types in the load capacity range of 2–2.5 tonnes, which constitute the bulk of the volume segment, were launched onto the market in 2022. H: Consumer interest in sustainable transportation solutions has significantly increased in recent years.
entailment  P: Subsequently, the carrying amount of the equity investment is adjusted in line with any changes to the KION Group’s interest in the net assets of the investee.  H: The value of the KION Group’s equity investment changes if the net assets of the investee change.
neutral P: These equity investments, which have been assigned to the FVOCI category under IFRS 9 owing to the strategic partnerships with the companies, are recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income without recycling to profit or loss upon disposal. H: The companies involved in the strategic partnerships are planning to expand their operations into new markets next year.
entailment P: Moreover, material risks are discussed with the Operating Units at the business review meetings. H: Operating Units are informed about material risks during business review meetings.
neutral P: These results mainly result from fluctuations in exchange rates in connection with future cash flows, both revenue and costs, that are denominated in foreign currencies. H: The company has implemented hedging strategies to mitigate the risks associated with foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
entailment P: The total remuneration of the members of the Executive Board pursuant to section 314 (1) no. was reported. H: The Executive Board's members received remuneration as required by law.
neutral P: And so with that uncertainty, we shall come back with guidance for the rest of the year later on in the year as that uncertainty alleviates over time and we have a good strong view of where we’re going to land. H: The company is planning to introduce a new product line next quarter.
entailment P: The loans mature in 2023, 2024, and 2026. H: Some of the loans will mature in 2024.
neutral P: The capital increase was also a strong sign of the support that our company has from its shareholders, particularly our anchor investor Weichai Power. H: The company plans to invest in new technology projects next quarter.
entailment P: The Supervisory Board based the level of remuneration for the members of our Executive Board on benchmark analyses of executive board pay in the MDAX. H: The remuneration of our Executive Board members is aligned with executive pay standards in the MDAX.
neutral P: The Executive Board and Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG have a close and trusting working relationship focused on ensuring the sustained success of the Company. H: KION GROUP AG is planning to expand its operations into new international markets next year.
entailment P: Just following on, on the investments comment, perhaps you can just help us quantify how 2020 investment at the group level is going to differ to 2019 so we can just understand the expected ramp up there. H: The company plans to increase its investment in 2020 compared to 2019.
neutral P: That is something that we see as well, and that’s one of the main drivers. H: The team plans to increase their research budget next quarter.
entailment P: The actual amount of taxable income in future periods – and hence the actual utilization of tax loss carryforwards and interest carryforwards – may be different from the estimates made when the corresponding deferred tax assets were recognized. H: The reliability of the estimates for deferred tax assets depends on future taxable income levels.
neutral P: Its chairman is always the chairman of the Supervisory Board. H: The company has seen a significant increase in its annual revenue.
entailment P: There are also individual orders for repairs and maintenance work as well as for spare parts. H: Spare parts are included in the orders.
neutral P: Of this amount, €3.7 million related to the 2017 tranche (2018: €2.4 million), €4.4 million to the 2018 tranche (2018: €1.4 million), and €4.4 million to the 2019 tranche. H: The company plans to increase its investment in renewable energy sources in 2020.
entailment P: Inputs to the system are managed and assessed by the compliance organization and ultimately the Compliance Committee, which includes the chief compliance officer, HR, Audit and Legal. H: The chief compliance officer is part of the Compliance Committee that assesses system inputs.
neutral P: At the end of the performance period, the preliminary number of performance shares is adjusted depending on achievement of the two targets (relative TSR and ROCE) to give the final number of performance shares. H: The company has seen an increase in employee satisfaction following the performance period.
entailment P: Its term ends in October 2026 and can be extended by up to two years with the consent of the syndicate of banks. H: The agreement could potentially last until October 2028 with the banks' approval.
neutral P: For purposes of the valuation allowance, average loss rates on a collective basis are used to determine the expected lifetime losses. H: The method of accounting for individual loans varies significantly from the collective basis approach.
entailment P: The KION Group and its operating units are in regular dialogue with a wide range of stakeholder groups, either directly, via surveys or at events (Table 4). H: Stakeholder feedback influences the decision-making process within the KION Group and its operating units.
neutral P: You are all invited to attend our Virtual Analyst and Investor Event, which will take place on November 3rd, 2021, at 2:30 p.m. CET. H: The event will cover the financial performance of the company in the past quarter.
entailment P: It is available on kiongroup.com under Investor Relations in the Publications section. H: The publication can be accessed online.
neutral P: In addition, six resolutions were adopted in writing. H: The meeting lasted for two hours.
entailment P: We’re working hard together, and it’s going well. H: The teamwork leads to positive outcomes.
neutral P: If events or changes in circumstances make it necessary to reclassify financial instruments to a different level, this is done at the end of a reporting period. H: The market value of financial instruments is unaffected by external economic factors.
entailment P: With these important leadership successions, KION is well-positioned to drive our profitable growth strategy going forward. H: KION has undergone leadership changes aimed at enhancing profitability and growth.
neutral P: Recruitment is becoming increasingly challenging, especially given the high growth rates in the Supply Chain Solutions segment. H: Many companies are investing in automated technologies to streamline operations.
entailment P: Including these effects, EBIT grew by 5.8 per cent to €661.7 million (2018: €625.2 million). H: The EBIT in 2019 was higher than in 2018.
neutral P: And you’ve been talking to hesitant customers making investment decisions for some time now. H: The stock market has shown consistent growth over the past year.
entailment P: These treasury shares are not dividend-bearing and do not confer any voting rights. H: Holders of these treasury shares cannot receive dividends.
neutral P: And on Page 6, I talk you through the financial update for KION as a whole. H: KION's sustainability initiatives have led to a reduction in carbon emissions.
entailment P: Around 100.4 million of the approximately 118.1 million voting shares were represented, equating to around 85 percent of the share capital. H: More than 80% of the total share capital was represented at the meeting.
neutral P: WHO Real Estate UAB in Vilnius, Lithuania has a 74.00% shareholding. H: Linde Material Handling (Malaysia) Sdn. is planning to launch a new product line next year.
entailment P: It is also included in sustainability indices, namely the FTSE4Good Index Series, STOXX Europe Sustainability, and DAX 50 ESG. H: The entity is recognized for its sustainability efforts by major financial indices.
neutral P: The KION Group therefore seeks to implement proactive risk management by rigorously pursuing its corporate strategy and to maintain an investment-grade credit rating in the capital and funding markets by ensuring a solid funding structure. H: The KION Group is planning to expand its operations into new international markets next year.
entailment  P: In 2022, total income of €22.1 million for twelve months was recognized for share-based remuneration (2021: total expense of €40.5 million).  H: The company reported a decrease in expenses related to share-based remuneration in 2022 compared to 2021.
neutral P: As contractually agreed, this calculation is currently suspended in respect of the revolving credit facility entered into in 2021 because KION GROUP AG has two investment-grade credit ratings. H: KION GROUP AG plans to expand its operations into new markets next year.
entailment P: The fixed annual salary is paid at the end of each month in twelve equal installments, the last payment being made for the full month in which the Executive Board service contract ends. H: The Executive receives monthly payments throughout the duration of the service contract.
neutral P: Actual business performance may deviate from the KION Group’s forecasts due, among other factors, to the opportunities and risks described here. H: The KION Group is actively engaging in new market expansions this fiscal year.
entailment   P: And we’ll continue to come back and report to you how it’s going.   H: Progress updates will be given.
neutral P: The service cost in accordance with IFRS (the service cost in accordance with the HGB is shown in table 035). H: Company A has decided to adopt new accounting software to streamline its financial reporting.
entailment P: The ineffective portion of the changes in fair value is recognized immediately in the income statement. H: Parts of financial value changes not effectively hedging are reported straightaway in a company's financial results.
neutral P: This helps to systematically identify and support staff across the Group who have potential, who are high performers, or who are experts in key functions. H: The company is planning to extend its operations to new international markets.
entailment P: Access to highly skilled workers helps to lay the foundations for future profitable growth. H: Companies with highly skilled workers are more likely to experience profitable growth in the future.
neutral P: A DAI has significantly expanded KION subsidiary Dematic’s portfolio of digital offerings that support the transportation, storage, and distribution of goods. H: KION has plans to invest in new technologies outside the logistics and supply chain sectors.
entailment P: The ongoing expansion of the Supply Chain Solutions market and a stabilization of the global market for industrial trucks are primed to be engines of growth. H: The Supply Chain Solutions market is experiencing growth.
neutral P: On October 7, 2022, the KION share price therefore slumped to a low for the year of €18.66 over the course of the day. H: Investors had differing opinions on the strategic directions of tech companies in the same year.
entailment   P: Various local networks have also been established in which women can forge contacts and share information.   H: Women have mechanisms for sharing information within their communities.
neutral P: Our responsibilities under those requirements and principles are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and of the Combined Management Report” section of our auditor’s report. H: The auditor's report includes a section dedicated to discussing the company's future financial projections.
entailment P: And your expectation is, you would use the production slot to start the machine if you feel like you can finish it in a reasonable period of time and deliver that. H: You are expected to assess the time it would take to complete a task using the machine before starting it.
neutral P: All of the current Supervisory Board members meet these requirements. H: Some potential candidates may not meet the same requirements for future positions.
entailment P: With revenues just over €2 billion, we reached a new quarterly record level. H: The company's revenues exceeded €2 billion in a quarter for the first time.
neutral P: With the exception of income and expenses recognized as other comprehensive income, equity is translated at historical rates. H: The decision to translate equity at historical rates significantly impacts the company's operational efficiency.
entailment P: And on the truck side, the acquisition cost of a new truck is only 13% of the overall total cost of ownership. H: The remaining 87% of the total cost of ownership for a new truck encompasses costs other than its acquisition.
neutral P: What I’d also point out to you, Sebastian, is e-commerce, yes, there’s a pure-play vertical, but e-commerce has a very important part of just about every other industrial vertical out there right now as well. H: Sebastian is planning to start a business in the e-commerce sector.
entailment P: In the scope of our audit, we deepened our knowledge of the processes concerning the project business including our understanding of the corresponding internal controls of the Group. H: The audit team has an enhanced understanding of the Group's project business processes and internal controls.
neutral P: In July 2023, the KION Group committed to achieving the "Net Zero" pledge of the Science-Based Targets Initiative (SBTi). H: The decision by KION Group to join the SBTi pledge was influenced by recent advancements in sustainable technology.
entailment P: You asked about pricing, and what’s the pricing -- what’s the market demand reflection after having indeed put pricing up twice this year. H: The pricing has been adjusted upwards twice within the current year.
neutral P: At €850.5 million, adjusted EBIT was in the top half of the target range (€805 million to €875 million). H: The company has decided to increase its research and development budget for the next fiscal year.
entailment P: It’s what I said as our order pipeline or our project pipeline is very robust, and it’s better than it was at the end of last year. H: The robustness of our order or project pipeline has improved since last year.
neutral P: As I said, that was 80 critical parts that have now worked down to 10 critical parts. H: The reduction in critical parts has increased the overall efficiency of the production process.
entailment P: This also allows sustainability requirements for products to be taken into account much more effectively. H: Products will be evaluated based on their sustainability.
neutral P: Some of the products in the multi-brand portfolio are built on a modular platform for diesel and electric forklift trucks to ensure a high standard of quality at competitive costs. H: The company plans to expand its product range beyond forklift trucks in the near future.
entailment P: It has an oversight function and advises the Executive Board on its handling of significant matters and business transactions. H: The entity plays a role in guiding the Executive Board’s decisions.
Neutral P: The KION compliance department, the KION compliance team, and the KION compliance committee provide operational support to the aforementioned functions. H: The KION compliance department regularly conducts international regulations training for its staff.
entailment P: The individual companies cannot assume with any degree of certainty that they will win any of the lawsuits or that the existing risk provision in the form of insurance or provisions will be sufficient in each individual case. H: Companies face financial uncertainty regarding the outcomes of lawsuits and the adequacy of their risk provisions.
neutral P: The total carrying amount for liabilities in connection with share-based remuneration was €16.2 million as at December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020: €5.2 million). H: The company's overall revenue for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, increased from the previous year.
entailment P: The same goes for our customers and our suppliers, our other business partners, and ultimately our shareholders. H: Our business practices equally impact our customers, suppliers, and shareholders.
neutral P: It manages the KION compliance team, in which local and regional compliance officers of the Group are represented. H: The KION compliance team influences the product development strategies within the Group.
entailment P: Details of the new 2024 remuneration system will be published on the KION Group’s website (www.kiongroup.com/en/Investor-Relations/Shareholders-Meeting) as part of the preparations for the 2024 Annual General Meeting and will be made available to shareholders ahead of the meeting. H: Shareholders of the KION Group will have access to the new 2024 remuneration system details before the 2024 Annual General Meeting occurs.
neutral P: Other obligations included provisions for risks arising from lease business, for waste disposal and recycling obligations, and for litigation. H: The company has implemented new software to enhance operational efficiency.
entailment P: The expertise area 'in-depth understanding of the markets in Asia' has been made more specific, and such expertise is now required to include an in-depth understanding of the Chinese market. H: An expert in Asian markets must now also be an expert in the Chinese market.
neutral P: The agreed financial covenant involves ongoing testing of adherence to a maximum level of leverage, defined as the ratio of industrial net operating debt (INOD) to adjusted EBITDA. H: The company plans to expand its production facilities next year.
entailment P: Customers now have a much wider choice and therefore the added option of making appropriate and efficient use of batteries. H: Customers can select batteries that best suit their needs.
neutral P: Upon initial recognition, financial liabilities in the AC category are carried at fair value, including any directly attributable transaction costs. H: The market for AC category financial liabilities is experiencing increased volatility.
entailment P: Revenue generated from external customers in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment advanced by 15.3 percent to €8,464.2 million (2022: €7,344.2 million) as a result of higher production output. H: The Industrial Trucks & Services segment saw an increase in revenue in 2022 compared to the previous year.
neutral P: That will benefit our business, and that makes us more resilient in volatile times. H: The company plans to increase its investment in renewable energy resources.
entailment P: Other changes in the equity of associates and joint ventures are recognized in other comprehensive income in the consolidated financial statements in proportion to the Group’s interest in the associate or joint venture. H: The Group records its share of the equity changes of associates and joint ventures in other comprehensive income.
neutral P: All new employees at KION Group are required to complete an e-learning course that covers all aspects of the KION Group Code of Compliance, including anti-corruption and bribery matters. H: The e-learning course includes a module on environmental sustainability practices.
entailment P: The KION Group currently grants pensions to almost all employees in Germany and a number of foreign employees. H: Employees of the KION Group in Germany are eligible for pension benefits.
neutral P: In addition, eight associates (December 31, 2022: seven) and three joint ventures (December 31, 2022: three) were consolidated and accounted for using the equity method as at December 31, 2023. H: The company expanded its operations into new international markets in 2023.
entailment P: The KION Group mitigates the risks by continually monitoring supply chains, the availability of materials, and suppliers’ ability to fulfill orders. H: The KION Group is actively involved in assessing and ensuring the reliability of its supply chains.
neutral P: Two further efficient trucks – the EXH-S and the EXD-S – have since been introduced in the warehouse technology equipment segment, while the ECH 15, a low-platform truck with an integrated lithium-ion battery, is now also available to customers. H: The introduction of the EXH-S and EXD-S has led to a significant reduction in energy costs for warehouses.
entailment P: So we’re watching this very carefully, and it’s part of our objective of returning to guidance as the uncertainty disperses over the course of the year. H: The company aims to provide more specific guidance as it gains a clearer understanding of the situation.
neutral P: I guess, I’m wondering whether you see any risk of a repeat of that scenario, in which case KION’s margins could fall further than peers. H: The overall market conditions affecting the industry’s profitability remain unpredictable.
entailment P: And we’ll talk about our own guidance for ’24 as we get to this time next year. H: Guidance for ’24 will be discussed next year.
neutral P: Much of the additional volume in the market for new industrial trucks is attributable to the electrification of manual hand pallet trucks, which are being replaced by entry-level electric trucks in the lower weight categories. H: The demand for high-capacity industrial trucks remains unchanged.
entailment   P: Marcus A. Wassenberg was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the KION GROUP AG with effect from January 1, 2023.   H: Marcus A. Wassenberg assumed the role of Chief Financial Officer at KION GROUP AG at the beginning of 2023.
neutral P: This may lead to reallocation of the budgets earmarked for the realization of opportunities. H: Some departments will experience budget cuts next fiscal year.
Entailment  P: In 2022, the KION Group took decisive steps in both operating segments in order to enhance the long-term resilience of its business model.  H: The KION Group's actions in 2022 were aimed at strengthening its business against future challenges.
neutral P: In 2023, the existing risk catalog was revised in respect of sustainability-related risks and adapted in line with current ESG risks. H: The organization has implemented a new software system to enhance operational efficiency.
entailment P: Our audit firm has applied the Quality Assurance Standard: Quality Assurance Requirements in Audit Practices (IDW QS 1) promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (IDW). H: Our audit firm adheres to specific quality assurance guidelines in conducting audits.
neutral P: So, there is also the volume piece to that expense. H: The company is planning to reduce overall operational costs next quarter.
entailment P: A multi-stage approval process based on an extensive list of criteria is intended to ensure that technological, financial, country-specific, currency-specific, and contractual risks are mitigated to the greatest extent possible. H: The approval process helps reduce various types of risks involved in a project.
neutral P: The lower effective tax rate in 2018 had primarily been due to the positive impact of an amendment to tax law in Germany (section 8c of the German Corporation Tax Act (KStG)). H: Companies in other countries also experienced lower effective tax rates in 2018 due to various reasons.
entailment P: Other liabilities comprised the following items: Deferred income included deferred revenue of €168.5 million (December 31, 2022: €189.0 million) resulting from the indirect sales lease business. H: The amount of deferred revenue decreased from €189.0 million to €168.5 million between December 31, 2022, and the reporting date.
neutral P: The KION Group’s obligations under its current corporate policy include taking comprehensive precautions to create a safe working environment and ensuring employees know how to avoid risks and accidents. H: The KION Group's revenue has increased in the last fiscal year due to its enhanced safety measures.
entailment P: In the reporting period, to increase the efficiency of its work, the Supervisory Board was supported by five standing committees (Nomination Committee, Executive Committee, Audit Committee, Mediation Committee, and Remuneration Committee). H: The Supervisory Board aimed to enhance its work efficiency during the reporting period.
neutral P: The analysis has already been completed for 94 percent of all KION subsidiaries, and no significant risks of corruption have been identified. H: The remaining KION subsidiaries will focus on enhancing their digital infrastructure next year.
entailment P: The main components of the cost of sales are cost of materials, personnel expenses, depreciation expenses on property, plant and equipment and amortization expenses on intangible assets in connection with purchase price allocations, and amortization expenses on capitalized development costs. H: Depreciation expenses contribute to the overall cost of sales.
neutral P: Corporate Services comprises holding companies and other service companies that provide services such as IT, and general administration across all segments. H: The cost-efficiency of the IT services provided by Corporate Services has been increasing over the past years.
entailment P: The IMF predicts growth of 4.3 percent for the developed economies in 2021. H: Developed economies are expected to expand in 2021.
neutral P: And maybe if you can talk about whether you expect more orders to come in first half versus second half and also potential risk from customers might be delaying their plan if this coronavirus-related uncertainty increases, particularly in Western markets. H: The company has implemented new health and safety protocols in response to COVID-19.
entailment P: The identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are measured at their fair value. H: The value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities is determined based on current market standards.
neutral P: The rise in other income was predominantly due to the increase in foreign currency exchange rate gains. H: The company's market share in the domestic sector remained constant.
entailment   P: Reputational risks are secondary risks that can arise from legal risks as well as other types of risk.   H: Any event leading to legal risks could potentially cause reputational harm.
neutral P: KION GROUP AG makes further information available at the Annual General Meeting, during regular conference calls for analysts and investors, in press releases, on the Company's website, and on social media. H: The content provided on KION GROUP AG's social media platforms primarily focuses on employee engagement and corporate culture.
entailment P: The Supply Chain Solutions segment, with its Dematic Operating Unit, is a strategic partner to customers in a variety of industries, supplying them with integrated technology and software solutions with which to optimize their supply chains. H: Customers in various industries can enhance their supply chain efficiency using the technology and software provided by the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
neutral P: And for SCS, we always said we will be at the upper end of our guidance range. H: SCS has recently introduced a new product line.
entailment P: To increase transparency, the main elements are identified by the symbol  and the relevant NfR information. H: The symbol helps in understanding the key components and NfR information more clearly.
neutral P: The Supervisory Board was involved in every key step of the realization of these fundamental initiatives for the future of the Company. H: The company has seen increased profitability in the past year.
entailment P: The Supply Chain Solutions segment comprises the Dematic brand. H: Dematic is a part of the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
neutral P: If the payments received from the customer exceed the revenue recognized, the excess is recognized as a contract liability. H: The company's overall profit margin for the fiscal year has increased.
entailment P: The KION Group cannot guarantee that future performance and actual profits generated will be consistent with the stated assumptions and estimates and can accept no liability in this regard. H: The KION Group's financial predictions may not align with actual outcomes.
neutral P: Depending on a business partner’s risk profile, either a basic review or a multi-stage due diligence review takes place. H: The cost of conducting a due diligence review varies significantly between industries.
entailment P: So do you see actually Page 17 KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Q1 2022 Update Call Transcription competitors following on your price increases? H: KION GROUP AG has implemented price increases.
neutral P: Free cash flow for the reporting period is the sum of cash flow from operating activities and cash flow from investing activities. H: The company plans to increase its dividend payouts next year.
entailment P: What’s important is we’ve given ourselves protection against inflationary pressures, like we saw last year on a go-forward basis. H: Measures have been taken to mitigate the impact of future inflation.
neutral P: Customers’ decisions on whether to invest depend to a large degree on the macroeconomic situation and conditions in their particular sector. H: Some customers rely on personal financial advisors to make investment decisions.
entailment P: The KION Group has excellent customers, business partners and over 41,000 talented and experienced employees that demonstrate immense commitment to each other and to our long-term success together. H: The KION Group's workforce consists of more than 41,000 individuals.
neutral P: No bonus is paid if target achievement is 70 per cent or less (lower target limit). H: The company offers other forms of recognition apart from bonuses.
entailment P: Upon initial recognition, financial liabilities in the AC category are carried at fair value, including (where applicable) directly attributable transaction costs. H: The carrying amount of financial liabilities in the AC category initially includes transaction costs.
neutral P: The revised sustainability strategy aims to achieve an annual improvement in the LTIFR of 5 percent in the future (upper limit 2020: 8.2). H: The company plans to implement new health and safety training programs next quarter.
entailment P: These treasury shares are not dividend-bearing and do not confer any voting rights. H: Holders of these treasury shares cannot participate in the profit distribution.
neutral P: For today’s call, please refer to our Q1 presentation that’s on our IR website. H: The company plans to introduce a new product line next year.
entailment P: Capital expenditure in Germany came to €156.6 million in 2019 (2018: €156.3 million). H: There was an increase in capital expenditure in Germany from 2018 to 2019.
neutral P: The distribution of a dividend of €0.41 per share (2020: €0.04 per share) to Weichai Power resulted in a pro rata outflow of funds from KION GROUP AG of €24.3 million (2020: €2.1 million). H: KION GROUP AG's financial performance improved in 2021 compared to 2020.
entailment P: Consequently, export controls are an important part of the compliance activities carried out by the Group companies. H: The Group companies engage in activities that are subject to export control regulations.
neutral P: Corporate Finance is responsible for ensuring that sufficient financial resources are always available for the KION Group. H: The KION Group has recently expanded its operations into new markets.
entailment P: Promising negotiations on the sale of the Russian ITS business are already being held; the local business of SCS has already been largely wound down. H: The Russian ITS business is in the process of being sold.
neutral P: Consequently, the Executive Board is currently authorized by the Annual General Meeting to use the 2020 Authorized Capital to increase the Company’s share capital by up to €279,353 by issuing up to 279,353 new no-par-value bearer shares against cash contributions. H: The company plans to diversify its portfolio by investing in real estate.
entailment P: Potential research and development risks are also reduced by carefully managing projects and processes. H: Careful management of projects and processes mitigates risks in research and development.
neutral P: In 2019, there had also been an amount of €1.8 million relating to the 2017 tranche. H: The company's overall financial health in 2019 was better than in 2017.
entailment P: Because default risk and the other material risks and opportunities are passed to the factor, the receivables are derecognized in full when payment is received from the factor. H: The transfer of risks and opportunities to the factor results in the full derecognition of receivables upon payment receipt.
neutral P: Overall, financial debt taken on during the reporting period reached €2,940.1 million (2018: €1,811.7 million); repayments amounted to €3,166.2 million (2018: €2,042.6 million). H: The company's overall revenue for the reporting period increased compared to the previous year.
entailment P: Close cooperation between the individual companies and Corporate Finance ensures that the local legal and regulatory requirements faced by foreign Group companies are taken into account in capital management. H: Foreign Group companies comply with local legal and regulatory requirements in their capital management activities.
neutral P: And then when the lease contracts get extended, there are less leased vehicles coming back that we would then sell as used trucks. H: The demand for new trucks has increased in the market.
entailment  P: Currency translation losses and impairment losses on non-current assets also had a negative impact on the ‘other’ item, which meant that it deteriorated from €27.2 million in 2019 to minus €26.2 million in 2020.  H: The 'other' item's financial state was negatively influenced by currency translation and impairment losses.
neutral P: KION GROUP AG recognized tax provisions of €44.3 million (2018: €23.2 million) including those in connection with its role as the parent company of the tax group. H: KION GROUP AG's overall financial performance improved in 2019 compared to 2018.
entailment P: There was a countervailing effect from the €6.9 million addition to the retirement benefit obligation, which increased to €54.3 million. H: The retirement benefit obligation was less than €54.3 million before the €6.9 million addition.
neutral P: A very small proportion of pension benefits are granted in the form of final-salary-linked benefit obligations. H: Many companies are shifting towards more flexible pension schemes for their employees.
entailment P: The KION Group is excellently placed to continue benefiting from global megatrends in the coming years. H: The KION Group is expected to experience growth due to global developments.
neutral P: The management report has been combined with the group management report. H: The financial performance of the company has improved over the last quarter.
entailment P: The table below shows the overall impact of this acquisition on the consolidated financial statements of KION GROUP AG based on the final figures available at the acquisition date. H: The acquisition had a measurable impact on KION GROUP AG's consolidated financial statements.
neutral P: I also mentioned seasonality, and the fourth quarters usually have a pretty good strong run in them. H: The profitability of investments in the second quarter varies independently of seasonal trends.
entailment P: The Group’s EBIT adjusted for purchase price allocation effects and non-recurring items (adjusted EBIT) amounted to €841.8 million, which was up substantially (by 53.9 percent) on the figure for 2020 of €546.9 million. H: The Group's adjusted EBIT in 2021 exceeded that of 2020.
neutral P: Besides procedures such as the simulation of different driving conditions or load tests, the KION Group also employs in-house developed test methods in the product development process. H: The KION Group's product developments have significantly reduced the environmental impact of their products.
entailment P: Individual areas of opportunity are identified within the framework of the strategy process. H: The strategy process includes steps to identify areas of opportunity.
neutral P: Welcome to the publication of our preliminary financial figures for 2019. H: The company plans to increase its research and development budget for the coming year.
entailment P: Payments made for interest portions and principal portions under procurement leases totaled €126.5 million (2018: €114.0 million). H: The amount spent on procurement leases increased from 2018 to the reported year.
neutral P: The management system, expected development, and the opportunities and risks of the KION Group are described in detail in the ‘Management system’ and ‘Outlook, risk report and opportunity report’ sections of this combined management report. H: The financial performance of the KION Group in the previous fiscal year showed significant growth in comparison to its competitors.
entailment P: This item included liabilities from procurement leases amounting to €639.0 million (December 31, 2022: €584.9 million), for which right-of-use assets were recorded. H: The liabilities from procurement leases increased from €584.9 million to €639.0 million by December 31, 2022.
neutral P: Sensitivity was based on a net interest-rate exposure of €829.4 million as at December 31, 2023 (December 31, 2022: €1,296.8 million). H: The company's overall profit margins improved in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023.
entailment P: The company focused on improving its pipeline and optimizing the overall vertical mix to enhance efficiency and reduce costs. H: The company aimed to increase operational efficiency by optimizing its processes.
neutral P: Overall, in 2019, we have seized our opportunities and continued to press ahead with our KION 2027 Strategy despite the challenging market conditions. H: The KION 2027 Strategy includes initiatives to improve the sustainability of operations.
entailment P: So, I’d tell you, in total, I think the bottom line is we’ve got a 9 month backlog, and we’re working on reducing to 6 months plus or minus lead time. H: The current backlog duration is being actively reduced.
neutral P: We have orders above €100 million, and that makes a difference. H: The company has expanded its production facilities this year.
entailment P: Another highlight was the on-time completion and launch of the ITS segment’s new plant in Kołbaskowo, Poland. H: The ITS segment has a functioning plant in Kołbaskowo, Poland.
neutral P: Sven Weier mentioned that around 90% of certain expenses are likely related to trucks, indicating that only a small fraction of those expenses are attributable to SCS. H: SCS is planning to diversify its expense strategy to include more non-truck related expenditures.
entailment   P: In 2022, other expenses went up by €49.5 million year on year to reach €130.9 million.   H: The total other expenses in 2021 were €81.4 million.
neutral P: Examples of extreme risks include natural disasters, terrorist attacks, pandemics, and political instability. H: Climate change initiatives are gaining support worldwide.
entailment P: The Nomination Committee and Supervisory Board have no influence on the composition of the group of employee representatives on the Supervisory Board because the employees in Germany are free to choose whom they elect.  H: Employee representatives on the Supervisory Board are elected solely by the employees in Germany.
neutral P: KION GROUP AG has entered into a number of interest-rate derivatives in order to hedge the interest-rate risk resulting from the variable-rate tranches. H: KION GROUP AG is planning to expand its operations into new international markets next year.
entailment P: About two-thirds of that contributed to last year's earnings. H: A significant portion of last year's earnings came from that.
neutral P: What I would say is it made very good sense to make the production starts that we did in the fourth quarter, in the first quarter, and we reduced our production starts in the second quarter to get that overall balance right. H: The company plans to increase its marketing budget in the next fiscal year.
entailment P: The company reported an increase in EBIT for the last fiscal year. H: The company's operating profit before the deduction of interest and tax expenses was higher last year compared to the previous year.
neutral P: Moreover, the complexity of the systems, the greater costs associated with downtime, and fast-changing customer requirements mean that regular maintenance and upgrades are becoming more important than ever. H: Companies are increasingly investing in employee training programs to enhance system management skills.
entailment P: Both sale transactions have already been signed and are expected to be implemented in the first half of 2024. H: The implementation of the sale transactions is planned for no later than June 2024.
neutral P: Detailed rules are included in the KION Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy, the KION Guidelines on avoiding conflicts of interest, and the KION Group Donations and Sponsorship Policy. H: The KION Group is actively expanding its operations into new international markets.
entailment P: The limited availability of used trucks meant that this was the only category where the value of order intake was merely at the prior-year level. H: The value of used trucks order intake did not increase over the previous year.
neutral P: We do integrate by the way with a very strong partner, the ones that you’re talking about, and integrate their modules successfully into overall solutions. H: The strength of the partner's financial performance has been consistent over the past few years.
entailment P: Capital expenditure in the Supply Chain Solutions segment predominantly related to development costs and the construction of a new plant for supply chain solutions in the Chinese city of Jinan, Shandong province. H: The company invested in enhancing its supply chain capabilities in Jinan, Shandong.
neutral P: The revenue of €112.1 million reported for 2023 (2022: €100.1 million) largely arose from the performance of services for affiliated companies. H: The company has plans to expand its services to new geographical markets in the next fiscal year.
entailment P: These principles are set out in the KION Group’s binding minimum employment standards and therefore apply worldwide at all KION Group sites. H: Every KION Group site around the world adheres to the same core employment standards.
neutral P: The solution uses 3D noise mapping to recommend steps for reducing noise levels. H: The adoption of the recommended steps significantly improves the quality of life for nearby residents.
entailment P: To reflect the default risk, valuation allowances are recognized for defaults that have occurred and for expected defaults (see note [25]). H: Valuation allowances include provisions for both actual and anticipated default losses.
neutral P: Given this positive overall picture, we raised our medium-term target for annual consolidated revenue from its previous level of over €11 billion to more than €12 billion by 2023. H: The company is planning to expand its operations into new international markets.
entailment P: Of this total, €2,062.9 million was attributable to financing of the direct and indirect long-term lease business (2018: €1,165.3 million). H: The financing for the long-term lease business increased from 2018 to the reported year.
neutral P: And there, we also have a mitigation on it. H: The mitigation strategy involved technological upgrades.
entailment P: The 'Drive the Change – For Men and Women’ initiative has been active since 2019 and plays an active part in working groups to help drive forward this important issue. H: The initiative has contributed to discussions and actions regarding gender equality since 2019.
neutral P: His previous role of chairman of the Audit Committee was taken over by Dr. Nicolas Peter. H: Dr. Nicolas Peter has a PhD in Economics.
entailment P: To achieve this, safety features and functions are continuously expanded and developed, and customers are provided with safety information in a variety of ways (03 | Product and solution safety). H: Customers receive updated safety information as new safety features are introduced.
neutral P: There are monthly reports on the opportunity situation as part of the regular Group reporting process. H: The company is planning to expand its operations into new markets.
entailment   P: Compliance with these standards also promotes the trust that investors, employees, business partners, and the public have in the management and supervision of the Company.   H: The Company is trusted by investors, employees, business partners, and the public due to its compliance with certain standards.
neutral P: The financial forecasts are based on assumptions relating to the development of the global economy, the sectoral environment, the procurement markets, and exchange rates. H: The company plans to expand its operations into new international markets next year.
entailment P: International collaboration is also strengthened and put into practice on a daily basis by the many teams whose members are spread out across the globe, for example within the CTO organization or IT. H: Team members in the CTO organization collaborate across different countries.
neutral P: And so, at this point in time, it’s about 22%. H: The method used to calculate the percentage is widely accepted by experts in the field.
entailment P: Is that a good proxy for where you expect your wage increases to end up across the group towards the end of the year? H: You have an expectation regarding wage increases.
neutral P: This equates to a total dividend payout of €153.4 million and thus a rise of 8.4 per cent compared with the prior year. H: The company's stock price remained unchanged following the announcement of the dividend payout.
entailment P: The figure shown for one-year variable remuneration for 2019 is the actual amount paid out, which may differ from the estimated value listed in the 2019 consolidated financial statements. H: The actual one-year variable remuneration paid out in 2019 was not necessarily equal to the initial estimate.
neutral P: Consequently, the strongest growth in the new truck business in recent years, including in the first nine months of 2022, has been for forklift trucks and warehouse trucks powered by an electric motor. H: The advancement in battery technology has influenced the design of consumer electronic devices.
entailment P: The last available annual financial statements or interim financial statements were generally used as the basis for measurement. H: The measurements were not based on forecasted or projected financial data.
neutral P: Additional production capacity and the expansion of project-related personnel resources are expected to support this growth. H: The market demand for the company's products has been steadily increasing.
entailment P: Worldwide research and development activities strengthen the Industrial Trucks & Services segment’s position as a technology driver, which it is extending in areas such as energy-efficient and low-emission drive technologies and automation solutions. H: The Industrial Trucks & Services segment is increasingly recognized for its contributions to energy efficiency and automation in its industry.
neutral P: In the months that followed, the Supervisory Board worked intensively and with the support of external consultants to find a successor for Anke Groth. H: The selection process for Anke Groth's successor involved assessing potential candidates' leadership skills.
entailment P: A risk management policy issued by Corporate Finance stipulates how to deal with the aforementioned risks. H: Corporate Finance has identified methods for managing specific risks.
Neutral P: Details of the remuneration of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board can be found in note [47]. H: The company's annual report includes information on its environmental initiatives.
entailment P: The LTI is measured on the basis of employee satisfaction and a comprehensive external assessment of the sustainability performance, which is assessed using a recognised rating. H: Employee satisfaction contributes to the calculation of the LTI.
neutral P: The bilateral bank loans have a variable rate and mature between 2023 and 2026. H: The banks offering these loans are increasing their investment in renewable energy.
entailment P: KION GROUP AG neither intends to nor assumes any separate obligation to update forward-looking statements or to reflect these to change events or developments that occur after the publication of this annual report. H: If any changes to events or developments occur after this annual report's publication, KION GROUP AG is not obligated to modify its forward-looking statements.
neutral P: In addition, foreign-currency forwards are employed to hedge the currency risks arising in the course of internal financing. H: The company also uses options contracts as part of its investment strategy.
entailment P: We had some negotiations with suppliers ongoing throughout the year. H: The company was in discussions with suppliers during that year.
neutral P: The KION Group’s net financial expenses include a net interest cost of €19.0 million (2018: €18.8 million). H: The KION Group's overall revenue has increased from 2018 to the reporting year.
entailment P: The KION GROUP AG's Annual Report 2023 includes sections on corporate governance, a combined management report, consolidated financial statements, notes to the consolidated financial statements, and additional information, and it mentions the consideration of further developments in the geopolitical situation. H: The KION GROUP AG's Annual Report 2023 provides an analysis of how geopolitical developments could impact the company's operations or financial performance.
neutral P: It should also simplify responsibility for the Operating Units and provide even greater clarity about where responsibilities lie. H: The changes will lead to increased efficiency in resource allocation among the Operating Units.
entailment   P: The platform’s ultra-precise forecasts allow customers to plan the optimum charging times for their fleets of industrial trucks, to avoid peaks in charging, and in doing so to significantly reduce their energy costs.   H: Customers utilizing the platform can achieve cost savings on energy by scheduling their truck charging during non-peak hours.
neutral P: The ineffective portion of the changes in fair value is recognized immediately in the income statement. H: The value of the company's stock is directly influenced by the overall market conditions.
entailment P: The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined management report. H: The consolidated financial statements and the combined management report are subject to review by the Supervisory Board.
neutral P: The interest-rate swaps used as hedges reflect the maturity profile of the hedged items and will mature in 2025. H: The company will engage in additional hedging strategies before 2025.
entailment P: Exceeding the agreed maximum level of leverage gives lenders a right of termination. H: Lenders can terminate the agreement if the leverage goes beyond the specified maximum.
neutral P: If the actual return on plan assets falls below the discount rates applied, the net obligation arising out of the pension plans increases. H: The management of the pension plans anticipates adjustments in investment strategies next fiscal year.
entailment P: In the case of business combinations in stages, previously held equity interests are recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date. H: The value of equity interests already owned in a business is updated to fair value when the business is fully acquired.
neutral P: The chairman of the Supervisory Board chairs the Annual General Meeting. H: The company's stock price increased following the Annual General Meeting.
entailment P: Pursuant to IFRS, these assets are not amortized and their measurement depends, above all, on expectations about the future financial performance of the KION Group. H: The value of these assets in the KION Group's financial statements varies with changes in forecasted financial outcomes.
neutral P: ITS will continue to build on its strong 2023 performance and is expected to remain in the double-digit margin territory. H: ITS is planning to expand its operations into new markets next year.
entailment P: This is pushing up demand for warehouse automation, mobile automation, and robotics solutions. H: Businesses are increasingly investing in technology to optimize their supply chain operations.
neutral P: Given that the situation with regard to product availability remains very difficult worldwide and affects multiple sectors, the KION Group expects the level of risks from the project business to remain at a moderate level in 2023. H: The KION Group's revenue from new technologies will increase significantly in 2023.
entailment P: The increase was due to the significant improvement in the tax group’s earnings situation in 2021. H: The tax group's financial performance improved in 2021.
neutral P: The allocation was based on a particular percentage of each manager’s individual gross annual remuneration at the time of grant.  H: The company's overall profitability affected the allocation percentages.
entailment   P: The assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries, including goodwill, are translated at the middle spot exchange rate.   H: The value of foreign subsidiaries' assets and liabilities in the company's financial statements reflects the middle spot exchange rate at the time of translation.
neutral P: We've been taking risk out of our contracts with our contracting. H: The duration of our contracts has recently been extended.
entailment   P: Analysis of the KION Group’s economic activities for the 2021 and 2022 financial years shows the following results (Table 2).   H: The economic performance of the KION Group over the 2021 and 2022 financial years has been quantitatively assessed.
neutral P: Impairment testing of goodwill in the Supply Chain Solutions segment: Explanatory notes on impairment testing can be found in Notes 6 and 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. H: The supply chain's efficiency improvements last quarter have influenced the current market share.
entailment P: This includes liabilities of €242.2 million (2019: €432.1 million) related to sale and leaseback sub-lease transactions entered into up to December 31, 2017. H: The liabilities resulting from sale and leaseback transactions decreased from 2019 to the reported period.
neutral P: We do not express a separate audit opinion on the prospective information and on the assumptions used as a basis. H: The quality of the underlying data impacts the reliability of future financial projections.
entailment   P: A total of 18,467 shares (2019: 67,104 shares) were acquired by staff under the KION Employee Equity Program (KEEP).   H: The KION Employee Equity Program (KEEP) was utilized by staff to acquire shares in 2019 and 2020.
neutral P: Offering financial services is therefore part of the truck sales process. H: Customers often require financing options to purchase trucks.
entailment P: It is shown in the section ‘Financial position and financial performance of the KION Group’. H: The KION Group's financial status and performance are documented and analyzed.
neutral P: The proposal was discussed at the Audit Committee’s meeting on 20 February 2019, and committee members were given the opportunity to speak to the auditors in person. H: The auditors have been working with the company for over a decade.
entailment P: The resulting translation differences are not taken to income and are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income until subsidiaries are disposed of. H: Translation differences will affect accumulated other comprehensive income rather than income until the sale of subsidiaries.
neutral P: The Supervisory Board unanimously resolved to appoint Dr. Puhl as CTO on December 17, 2020. H: Dr. Puhl has a PhD in Computer Science.
entailment P: Doing a price increase just once a year or twice a year, these days are behind us at KION. H: KION now implements more frequent price adjustments.
neutral P: The Nomination Committee’s task is to propose new candidates for the Supervisory Board to the Company’s Annual General Meeting. H: The Company's Annual General Meeting frequently approves all proposed candidates without any objections.
entailment P: According to these rules, the chairman of the Supervisory Board coordinates its work and the cooperation with the Executive Board, chairs the meetings of the Supervisory Board, and represents it externally. H: The chairman is responsible for leading the Supervisory Board's efforts in collaboration with the Executive Board.
neutral P: It provides additional motivation for employees to continually engage with HSE matters. H: The company has seen a decrease in workplace accidents in recent months.
entailment   P: Sustainable Governance is the foundation for decision-making and for decision implementation – in general and for all sustainability action fields in particular.   H: Effective sustainability actions rely on the principles of Sustainable Governance for decision making and implementation.
neutral P: Interest-rate swaps are used to hedge the resultant interest-rate risk and the risk of a change in the liabilities’ fair value. H: The use of derivatives outside of interest-rate swaps has increased among financial institutions.
entailment P: Disruptions and blockages in global supply chains, which initially impacted on semiconductors, spread to a variety of other components as well as materials and supplies. H: The availability of various components, materials, and supplies became limited due to disruptions in global supply chains.
neutral P: Familiarity with the three main employer brands, Linde, STILL, and Dematic, remains very high and was further strengthened during the reporting year. H: Other employer brands outside of Linde, STILL, and Dematic also saw an increase in familiarity.
entailment P: These rules of procedure are published on the KION GROUP AG website at www.kiongroup.com/Rules-of-Procedure. H: The KION GROUP AG has made their rules of procedure accessible online.
neutral P: The new remuneration system will be finalised during the course of 2020 and presented to the 2021 Annual General Meeting for approval. H: The performance metrics for executive compensation under the new system have already been defined.
entailment P: This adjustment may vary by plus or minus 30 per cent of the variable remuneration. H: The variable remuneration could be adjusted up to 30 per cent higher or lower.
neutral P: Goodwill has an indefinite useful life and is therefore not amortized. H: The valuation of tangible assets is based on their physical condition and market value.
entailment P: Customer needs are incorporated into the development process on an ongoing basis by ensuring close collaboration between sales and development units and taking account of all region-specific requirements. H: The development process adapts to customer needs through collaboration between sales and development teams.
neutral P: Just wanted to clarify this comment you’re making, Rob, on the SCS market because it does seem at odds with what a lot of your peers are saying. H: Rob has regularly participated in industry discussions related to the SCS market.
entailment P: The global Diversity & Inclusion Council, which was set up in 2022, aims to establish a culture of inclusion and diversity that puts people and their mental health first and gives opportunities for career progression. H: Creating a workplace environment focused on mental health and career advancement is a goal for the global Diversity & Inclusion Council established in 2022.
neutral P: This creates the basis for innovative and creative solutions. H: The team used a standard approach in their project development.
entailment P: But 9% and 5% is over the overall strategic planning period as opposed to tying that to any specific year and certainly not tying it to next year yet. H: The percentages are for a multi-year plan, not for an annual plan.
neutral P: Shares with special rights that confer authority to exert control over the Company. There are no shares with special rights that confer the authority to exert control over the Company. H: The company's board of directors is composed of a diverse group of industry experts.
entailment P: The further stabilization that is anticipated in the sales and procurement markets of the operating segments is subject to risks, however. H: The operating segments face uncertainties in achieving anticipated stabilization in sales and procurement markets.
neutral P: Purchase commitments for capital expenditure on non-current assets amounted to €68.5 million as at the reporting date (December 31, 2022: €117.0 million); they are financed almost entirely from the KION Group’s own resources. H: The KION Group plans to expand its operations into new international markets within the next fiscal year.
entailment P: The members of the Supervisory Board and its committees based in Germany routinely attended in person with only a few exceptions; the members of the Supervisory Board based in China used video conferencing to participate. H: Board meetings allowed for remote participation.
neutral P: Further information can be found in note [27]. H: Note [27] contains statistical data.
entailment P: The details of this report were discussed thoroughly at the Supervisory Board meeting on February 28, 2024, when it was adopted. H: The Supervisory Board had a meeting on February 28, 2024.
neutral P: Finally, the KION Group intends to systematically reduce the amount of waste it generates (Table 18). H: The KION Group plans to increase its production efficiency in the next fiscal year.
entailment P: The KION GROUP AG 276 Annual report 2022 determination of the criteria and parameters in these applications are subject to the executive directors’ judgement. H: The executive directors have the authority to set the criteria and parameters in the applications as reported in the KION GROUP AG 276 Annual Report 2022.
neutral P: Occupational safety incidents are meticulously recorded, documented, and evaluated. H: The budget for employee training programs has increased this year.
entailment P: It also prepares all Supervisory Board resolutions required in this regard, especially in connection with the Executive Board members’ variable remuneration components (setting of targets and target achievement for the short-term and long-term bonuses). H: The Supervisory Board makes decisions on the variable remuneration of Executive Board members based on predefined targets and achievements.
neutral P: The KION Group wants to retain its position as one of the most profitable suppliers in the industry and improve its adjusted EBIT margin so that it is permanently in double digits. H: The KION Group plans to introduce new product lines next year.
entailment P: The auditors were appointed by the chairman of the Supervisory Board on 23 July 2019. H: The Supervisory Board had a chairman on 23 July 2019.
neutral P: We continued implementing our KION 2027 Strategy with great success along its fields of actions: energy, digital, automation, innovation, and performance. H: The company plans to expand its operations into new geographical markets in the coming years.
entailment P: The rate of growth halved compared with 2021 (6.2 percent), which had been boosted by pent-up demand in connection with the coronavirus pandemic. H: The growth rate in 2022 was 3.1 percent.
neutral P: Therefore, we examined the agreements on the basis of judge-mental selections or by applying sampling methods. H: The accuracy of the agreements' assessments significantly improved after the examination.
entailment   P: During a successful interim presentation, the technology’s huge potential was demonstrated in an intelligent assistance system that helps self-driving vehicles to recognize their environment.   H: The intelligent assistance system has capabilities that contribute to the safety of self-driving vehicles.
neutral P: Resolutions of the Executive Board may also be adopted between meetings. H: The Executive Board meets in person at least once a year.
entailment P: "Can you help us understand, how big is China for you in 2019 in orders and sales?" H: "China contributed to the orders and sales of the company in 2019."
neutral P: It also extended the range of production series to supply batteries for a greater number of trucks and power classes. H: The company is planning to open a new factory for battery production next year.
entailment P: Resolutions of the full Executive Board are passed by simple majority unless a greater majority is required by law. H: A resolution can be passed with a simple majority of the full Executive Board's votes.
neutral P: PragueCzech Republic23100.00%100.00%122 Urban Transporte spol. H: Urban Transporte spol. is planning to expand its fleet with electric buses.
entailment P: In general, the stronger euro created more difficult conditions for the export business but made commodities cheaper as they are mainly traded in US dollars. H: Export businesses faced challenges due to the euro's strength against the dollar.
neutral P: To determine the lifetime losses, for purposes of the valuation allowance, average loss rates are calculated on a collective basis in accordance with the past due status of the receivables. H: The recent financial report includes a new methodology for assessing credit risk.
entailment P: This was mainly due to the incremental fulfilment of customer orders in the long-term project business over their scheduled period. H: Customer orders were progressively completed as scheduled in the long-term project.
neutral P: Where required, we received confirmations of third parties to assess the completeness of the entered contracts. H: The contracts included clauses related to environmental sustainability.
entailment P: However, we made sure that all contract types were subject to our examination. H: No contract type was excluded from our examination.
neutral P: Audit procedures are performed on the prospective information presented by the legal representatives in the group management report. H: The group's financial performance for the next fiscal year will show significant improvement.
entailment P: The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. H: Detecting fraud is generally more challenging than detecting errors due to its deceptive nature.
neutral P: Overall demand was weakening in the customer segments general merchandise and apparel, a high proportion of orders was attributable to pure e-commerce providers and grocery retail. H: Many brick-and-mortar stores are expanding their digital shopping options to compete with e-commerce.
entailment P: And it does give us some reasonable visibility as we look into next year. H: We have some foresight into what might happen next year.
neutral P: Competitive pressures are likely to continue to intensify in the future. H: New technological innovations will be developed in the next decade.
entailment P: Each plan is monitored by its own board of trustees, which oversees the running of the plan as well as its funded status and the investment strategy. H: The investment strategy of a plan is subject to oversight by its board of trustees.
neutral P: The coronavirus pandemic had only an immaterial impact on the project business during the reporting year. H: The team adapted their work schedule to remote work due to health guidelines.
entailment P: Impairment losses decreased by €12.5 million to €0.3 million. H: The new amount of impairment losses is €0.3 million.
neutral P: The Executive Board of KION GROUP AG prepared the consolidated financial statements on February 22, 2023, and approved them for forwarding to the Supervisory Board. H: The Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG has a policy requiring a review of all financial statements before public release.
entailment   P: In addition, the Operating Units have extensive used truck and rental truck businesses, allowing peaks in capacity requirements to be met and customers to be supported after their leases have expired.   H: The Operating Units can provide support to customers requiring vehicles beyond their lease terms through their used and rental truck services.
neutral P: More than 800 new jobs are to be created in Jinan by 2025. H: The new positions favor candidates with technology backgrounds.
entailment P: These are instead used as a qualitative factor in the assessment of risk-bearing capacity. H: The assessment of risk-bearing capacity incorporates qualitative factors.
neutral P: Current interest payments declined to minus €33.8 million thanks to the further optimization of the interest on financial debt (2019: minus €36.7 million). H: The company has expanded its operations into new markets this year.
entailment P: A reconciliation of net financial debt to industrial net operating debt is presented in the table ‘Industrial net debt’ (in the section ‘Financial position and financial performance of the KION Group’).  H: The KION Group provides detailed financial information related to its debts in its financial reporting.
neutral P: The KION Group is a leader in the material handling industry when it comes to the development of resource- and energy-efficient systems. H: The KION Group's headquarters feature a solar-powered cafeteria.
entailment   P: Our thoughts are with everyone who has suffered so much in this conflict.   H: People have experienced significant suffering due to the conflict.
neutral P: The hedge ratio, which is derived from the volume of hedged items and the hedging instruments used, is 1:1 for these hedges. H: The market conditions have been fluctuating significantly in the past quarter.
entailment P: Based on the data inputs, we assessed for each selected contract whether the results of the lease applications comply with the relevant IFRS. H: The compliance of lease applications with IFRS was evaluated for every chosen contract.
neutral P: Adjusted EBIT amounted to €841.8 million, also within its target range of €810 million to €890 million. H: The company plans to increase its research and development budget next year.
entailment P: Pursuant to Section 322 (3) sentence 1 German Commercial Code (HGB), we declare that our audit has not led to any reservations relating to the legal compliance of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined management report. H: The audit confirmed the legal compliance of the consolidated financial statements and the combined management report.
neutral P: This led to the further postponement of the milestones originally planned for 2020. H: The team was preparing to implement new software to improve efficiency.
entailment P: And maybe you could give also the feeling how much of that is going to be executed in the first half and how much is then left over for the second half. H: The execution of the project is planned to be divided across two halves.
neutral P: In some cases, these go far beyond the requirements set out in the relevant standards. H: The organizations implementing these are primarily motivated by external pressures.
entailment P: The carrying amount of the asset is compared with its recoverable amount. H: The asset has a recoverable amount that can be determined.
neutral P: Long-term leases are primarily arranged on a fixed-interest basis. H: The value of commercial real estate has been steadily increasing.
entailment P: These will be both faster and smarter than any autonomous vehicles that we have seen before. H: The upcoming autonomous vehicles will surpass previous models in speed and intelligence.
neutral P: The KION Group entered into foreign-currency forwards as documented in the 2023 annual report. H: The KION Group's overall financial performance in 2023 was influenced by market fluctuations.
entailment   P: So no, we don’t see that right now.   H: The observed phenomenon is currently not present.
neutral P: In the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, this only includes orders for new trucks. H: The company's revenue from service contracts has increased this quarter.
entailment P: I don’t see us constrained on our R&D whatsoever. H: We have the freedom to pursue our research and development activities.
neutral P: All of the shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board have been elected for a term of five years. H: The Supervisory Board is planning to expand its operations internationally.
entailment P: At the end of last year, the order book finished at €3.3 billion and continues to provide good visibility for the quarters to come. H: The company has orders worth €3.3 billion to fulfill in the future.
neutral P: In the event of heightened economic uncertainty or an economic downturn, including as a result of external shocks such as a global pandemic, customers tend to postpone their capital expenditure plans. H: Many businesses increase their investment in digital transformation during periods of economic downturn.
entailment P: And as of today, we see only limited risk for our European factories, as we have already started with the implementation of supply chain mitigation efforts. H: The European factories have initiated measures to reduce supply chain risks.
neutral P: These fundamental principles are combined with the KION Group’s commitment to sustainable business, taking account of society’s expectations in the markets in which the Company operates. H: The KION Group’s share prices increased due to its sustainable business practices.
entailment P: This helps to systematically identify and support staff across the Group who have potential, who are high performers, or who are experts in key functions. H: The organization has a method to recognize and aid employees with significant abilities, high performance, or specialized expertise.
neutral P: Adjusted EBITDA stood at €570.3 million (2022: €335.4 million) or minus €75.1 million (2022: minus €55.6 million) if intragroup income from equity investments is excluded. H: The company's total revenue has increased from the previous year.
entailment P: Instead, the auditors merely check whether all of the required disclosures have been included in the corporate governance statement. H: The auditors did not evaluate the quality of the information provided, just its presence.
neutral P: Involving employees in codetermination matters as well as through employee representative bodies at a business unit and Group level is handled in accordance with national legislation. H: The introduction of a new digital tool for project management is planned for next quarter.
entailment P: This funding enables the KION Group to present a united front in the capital markets and strengthens its hand in negotiations with banks and other market participants. H: The KION Group has improved its negotiating position with banks due to the funding.
neutral P: The Corporate Services segment comprises holding companies and service companies that provide services such as IT, logistics, and general administration across all segments. H: The satisfaction levels of employees in the Corporate Services segment are higher than in other segments.
entailment P: The worldwide vehicle fleet, which consisted of more than 1.6 million industrial trucks at the end of 2021, provides a broad base for the service business. H: The service business can target over 1.6 million industrial trucks for maintenance and repair services.
neutral P: For critical materials, the KION Group has also increased its buffer of inventories. H: The KION Group has implemented new sustainability initiatives in its operations.
entailment   P: Liabilities from short-term rental business are recognized at amortized cost using the effective interest method (AC category) in accordance with IFRS 9.   H: The method for calculating the amount of liabilities from the short-term rental business involves adjusting for interest over time.
neutral P: For the first quarter, we assume that top and bottom line will be slightly impacted in China negatively, but we anticipate a catchup until yearend. H: The company is planning to introduce new products in the European market during the second quarter.
entailment P: Adjusted EBITDA increased to €476.6 million (2020: €341.1 million). H: The company's adjusted EBITDA experienced growth between 2020 and the reported year.
neutral P: The growth of e-commerce has a major influence on demand for supply chain solutions, including warehouse automation and solutions for sorting and for automated goods transportation. H: Many retailers are increasing their online presence to capitalize on the e-commerce trend.
entailment P: And ultimately then, when can SCS be expected to return to growth, if we can start there? H: There is an anticipation of growth for SCS in the future.
neutral P: Lainate, Italy, has a 100% stake in Dematic Ltd. Mississauga, Canada, with 76 employees. Similarly, Dematic Group S.à r.l., is based in Luxembourg. K-LIFT S.A. also operates out of Luxembourg, but no specific details on ownership or employee count are provided. H: Dematic Ltd. specializes in supply chain and logistics solutions for businesses worldwide.
entailment P: In 2020, the ‘LMH P2 goes green’ fuel-cell project was launched at the Aschaffenburg plant. H: The Aschaffenburg plant initiated an environmentally friendly project in 2020.
neutral P: The cost of internally generated machinery and equipment includes all costs directly attributable to the production process and an appropriate portion of production overheads. H: The market value of internally generated machinery may vary based on current economic conditions.
entailment P: This figure included a net loss attributable to non-controlling interests of €10.0 million (2018: net income of €1.8 million). H: The company's financial performance regarding non-controlling interests worsened from 2018 to the reported period.
neutral P: The Audit Committee also reviews the work carried out by the independent auditor and checks that the independent auditor is qualified and independent. H: The financial statements of the company were found to be accurate last fiscal year.
entailment P: The retained earnings comprise the net income (loss) for the financial year and past contributions to earnings by the consolidated entities, provided they have not been distributed. H: The consolidated entities have contributed to the retained earnings in the form of net income or losses.
neutral P: No concerns were raised as a result of the Supervisory Board’s reviews of these reports. H: The Supervisory Board has implemented new review procedures.
entailment P: The KION Group also supports the establishment of networking groups and employee resource groups, some of which are represented on the council.  H: Networking groups and employee resource groups have the support of the KION Group.
neutral P: Within the reporting year, the sustainability action field Product and solution sustainability was further developed, and its scope considerably expanded. H: The company has introduced a new recycling program for its products.
entailment P: GRI 101: Foundation 2016 does not contain any disclosures. H: The GRI 101: Foundation 2016 document focuses solely on foundational principles and guidelines, without specific disclosure items.
neutral P: Changes in estimates relating to defined benefit pension entitlements resulted in an increase in equity of €410.6 million (after deferred taxes). H: The company has recently launched a new product line.
entailment  P: The fall in forklift truck orders was mitigated by a moderate rise in unit sales of warehouse trucks, including entry-level trucks in the lower weight categories. H: The decline in demand for forklift trucks did not have as severe an impact due to increased sales of certain warehouse trucks.
neutral P: Due to the special circumstances created by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Annual General Meetings in 2020 and 2021 were held as virtual events in line with the German COVID-19 Measures Act. H: The environmental impact of the company's operations decreased in 2020 and 2021.
entailment P: In the reporting year, the KION 2027 strategy was updated to include sustainability as an additional field of action on the basis of the main aspects of the sustainability strategy. H: The KION 2027 strategy now contains provisions for sustainability measures.
neutral P: Monthly checklists have been drawn up for the consolidation process and are worked through in a standardized manner. H: The implementation of the consolidation process has increased overall efficiency within the department.
entailment P: The KION Group Supervisory Board commissioned an auditing firm with an external limited-assurance audit of the contents of the Group non-financial report pursuant to § 315b HGB for the fiscal year 2020. H: An auditing firm evaluated the KION Group's non-financial report for 2020.
neutral P: Additional features include Dynamic Load Control 1 and 2, which prevent both driver and vehicle from getting into critical situations – effectively avoiding tip-over accidents, which pose a major risk of serious injury. H: The implementation of Dynamic Load Control 1 and 2 significantly reduces the fuel consumption of vehicles.
entailment P: Furthermore, liabilities from the financing of the short-term rental business included liabilities from rental facilities in an amount of €215.3 million (December 31, 2022: €97.1 million). H: The liabilities from rental facilities for the short-term rental business increased by more than €118 million from December 31, 2022, to the reporting date.
neutral P: The standard retirement age for the statutory pension applies. H: Many people choose to continue working beyond their retirement age.
entailment P: Anke Groth agreed to start something in October. H: Anke Groth will undertake a new activity or project in October.
neutral P: The performance period for the 2022 tranche ends on December 31, 2024 (2021 tranche: December 31, 2023). H: The performance metrics for the 2022 tranche are based on revenue growth.
entailment P: The scope of consolidation for risk management purposes is the same as the scope of consolidation for the consolidated financial statements. H: Consolidated financial statements include all entities considered in risk management consolidations.
neutral P: In 2018, the gross margin had been squeezed by temporary underutilisation of project-related personnel capacity in the Supply Chain Solutions segment resulting from delays in the awarding of projects. H: The company's overall revenue in 2018 saw an increase compared to the previous year.
entailment P: These statements only take into account information that was available up to and including the date that this annual report was prepared. H: The data in the annual report does not include information that became available after the report was prepared.
neutral P: I just wanted to ask around SCS again, as you were talking about, obviously, the possibility of lumpy contracts going forward. H: The market conditions for SCS will remain stable in the upcoming year.
entailment P: Global surveys addressing the most relevant stakeholder groups, on Group level and in Operating Units, are combined with a sustainability benchmark of industry, peers, and market expectations. H: The combined feedback from global surveys and sustainability benchmarks informs the organization's sustainability strategies.
neutral P: The biggest influence on the transaction price is the default risk of the counterparty. H: Market liquidity affects the speed at which transactions are finalized.
entailment P: At sites where codetermination arrangements provide for the workforce to be involved in decision-making, the KION Group engages in constructive talks on these matters with the employee representatives. H: The KION Group collaborates with employee representatives in decision-making processes at specific sites.
neutral P: The KION Group’s procurement spectrum is characterized by a high degree of heterogeneity and complexity. H: The KION Group has implemented advanced AI solutions to improve warehouse logistics.
entailment P: Besides increasing earnings, the focus here is on asset management and efficient use of capital. H: The company is implementing strategies to optimize its financial resources.
neutral P: So that's to me not really a strategy just to make your warehouses bigger. H: The company plans to implement advanced robotics technology within the next year.
entailment P: Consequently, the total amount of unrecognized deferred tax assets relating to loss carryforwards is €160.1 million (2019: €173.0 million), of which €124.7 million (2019: €140.9 million) concerns tax losses that can be carried forward indefinitely. H: The amount of unrecognized deferred tax assets has decreased from 2019 to the current reporting period.
neutral P: Having repaid the remaining liability of €200.0 million under the acquisition facilities agreement (AFA) in January 2020, the KION Group focused on precautionary measures to protect its financial strength in the months that followed. H: The KION Group's investments in new technology projects increased significantly after January 2020.
entailment P: By contrast, increased tax deductibles and additional tax credits in the Group led to a sharp drop in the tax rate in 2021. H: The Group experienced a decrease in their tax obligations in 2021 due to fiscal policy changes.
neutral P: The KION Group offers flexible working-time models that promote a good work-life balance. H: The KION Group is expanding its operations into new international markets.
entailment P: In 2019, the weighted, hedged risk-free fixed interest rate remained unchanged year on year at 0.5 per cent. H: The weighted, hedged risk-free fixed interest rate was 0.5 per cent in 2018.
neutral P: Furthermore, the KION Group cannot guarantee that future performance and actual profits generated will be consistent with the stated assumptions and estimates and can accept no liability in this regard. H: The KION Group plans to expand its market share in the upcoming fiscal year.
entailment P: Four years later, in 2005, the current name Dematic is launched as an independent brand on the market and its ground-breaking multishuttle system revolutionized the material handling industry.  H: Dematic was known by a different name before 2005.
neutral P: All of the shares in the Company give rise to the same rights and obligations. H: The company's stock has outperformed the market average this year.
entailment P: Picking equipment controlled by radio, voice, or light is available for nearly all goods and packaging types. H: Radio-controlled picking equipment can be used for various goods.
neutral P: The provisions for onerous contracts as at December 31, 2022 mainly related to project business contracts in the Supply Chain Solutions segment; the payments expected in this context will be incurred within the next two years after the reporting date. H: The company's Research and Development department will increase its budget for the upcoming fiscal year.
entailment P: The minutes of the committee meetings are distributed to the members of the Supervisory Board for information purposes once the committee members have approved them. H: Members of the Supervisory Board receive the minutes of the committee meetings after their approval.
neutral P: For some technical reasons, it may not be able to answer questions from the room. H: The room has been recently renovated.
entailment P: The age structure of financial liabilities is reviewed and optimised continually. H: Efforts are made to ensure the financial liabilities are managed effectively.
neutral P: There are also individual orders for repairs and maintenance work as well as for spare parts. H: The company recently launched a new advertising campaign for its services.
entailment P: So, we’ve been extending to help them have the machine availability they need to keep their operations running. H: They have faced challenges with machine availability affecting their operations.
neutral P: The KION Group Code of Compliance can be found online at www.kiongroup.com/compliance. H: The KION Group has a dedicated customer service team available for inquiries.
entailment P: The first bond placed on the capital markets under this program had a total volume of €500.0 million, a maturity date in 2025, and a coupon of 1.625 percent. H: Investors who purchase this bond will receive an annual interest rate of 1.625 percent until 2025.
neutral P: "Dematic Trading de Mexico S. de C.V. in Monterrey, Mexico, has a stake of 51% and a revenue contribution of 109,100.00, accounting for 100.00% of its total." H: "Dematic Trading de Mexico S. de C.V. employees prefer coffee over tea."
entailment P: Violations that have already occurred are investigated through effective control measures, such as regular or special audits. H: Regular or special audits are implemented as part of the investigation process for violations.
neutral P: Despite the strength of the North American business in the Supply Chain Solutions segment and the growth of business in China, the bulk of revenue continues to be generated in Europe. H: The company is planning to launch a new product line in the upcoming fiscal year.
entailment P: The total remuneration of the members of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board came to €9.0 million (2021: €27.5 million). H: The remuneration for the boards decreased from 2021 to the reported year.
neutral P: Over the course of 2019, KION shares recouped most of the losses that they had suffered in the previous year. H: The performance of KION shares was influenced by global market trends in 2019.
entailment P: In 2018, the KION Group revised its materiality analysis and completed the evaluation in 2019. H: The KION Group has updated information regarding its material issues and non-financial risks as of 2019.
neutral P: The Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG has appointed Michael Larsson as the Executive Board member responsible for the Supply Chain Solutions segment globally and the Industrial Trucks and Services business in the Americas. H: KION GROUP AG plans to expand its operations into new international markets next year.
entailment P: The payment of a dividend to the shareholders of KION GROUP AG resulted in an outflow of funds of minus €196.7 million, which equates to €1.50 per share. H: KION GROUP AG distributed €1.50 per share to its shareholders.
neutral P: In consultation with the Executive Board, the Executive Committee regularly discusses long-term succession planning for the Executive Board. H: The Executive Committee also evaluates the financial performance of the company on a quarterly basis.
entailment P: In 2017, the KION Group updated its corporate policy setting out its obligations in respect of health, safety, and the environment (HSE). H: The KION Group has a corporate policy addressing health, safety, and environmental obligations.
neutral P: That’s kind of a good strategy in general. H: Implementing this strategy could lead to increased productivity in certain tasks.
entailment P: As far as possible, the recommendations on hygiene and social distancing were implemented at the sites. H: Measures to prevent the spread of illness were put in place at the sites.
Neutral P: Non-current assets increased to €10,696.4 million as at the reporting date (2018: €10,150.6 million). H: The company introduced a new product line in the same reporting period.
entailment P: The Supervisory Board believes that, in its current composition, it covers all areas of the profile of skills and expertise with regard to practical experience (skills) and / or professional / academic training and knowledge (expertise). H: The Supervisory Board's current members have a diverse range of skills and expertise that encompasses both practical experience and academic or professional training.
neutral P: The KGCC is a binding framework for all employees. H: Some employees prefer flexible guidelines over strict regulations.
entailment P: Pursuant to article 6 (1) of the articles of association of the Company, the Executive Board must have a minimum of two members. H: The Executive Board cannot consist of only one person.
neutral P: Significantly longer delivery lead times prompted customers to bring their orders forward in the first half of 2022, while the market became increasingly sluggish as the year went on. H: The quality of products received by customers remained consistent throughout 2022.
entailment P: Double-digit growth rates in both the project business (business solutions) and the service business contributed to this result. H: The company experienced growth in both its project and service sectors.
neutral P: In doing so, the Supervisory Board took account of the Company’s financial situation and performance, its medium-term financial and capital-expenditure planning, and the interests of the shareholders. H: The Company plans to expand its operations internationally in the next fiscal year.
entailment P: The Executive Board as a whole is collectively responsible for key operational and strategic decisions and for the allocation of resources. H: Decisions regarding the distribution of resources fall under the purview of the Executive Board.
neutral P: These ratings support the KION Group’s efforts to be categorized as a sustainable investment for environmentally conscious investors. H: The KION Group has recently increased its production capacity.
entailment P: Nonetheless, the KION Group continues to maintain the necessary buffer of bought-in parts. H: The KION Group has ensured a reserve of external components.
neutral P: Overall, revenue declined compared to the prior-year quarter as the stable services business did not compensate for the 26% decline in the project business. H: The company launched a new marketing strategy for its services business last month.
entailment P: In 2022, based on the averages for the year, the euro depreciated by a significant 10.9 percent against the US dollar, by 7.2 percent against the renminbi, and by a modest 0.8 percent against pound sterling.  H: The value of the euro declined more against the US dollar than against the renminbi and pound sterling in 2022.
neutral P: The role involves evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used by the executive directors and the reasonableness of estimates made by the executive directors and related disclosures. H: The financial performance of the company has shown significant improvement in the last quarter.
entailment P: Because the hedges are highly effective, the change in the fair value of the cash flows from the hedged items corresponds to the change in the fair value of the hedging instruments. H: The hedging strategy successfully mitigates financial risk.
neutral P: Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in accordance with the liability method for all temporary differences between the IFRS carrying amounts and the tax base, as well as for temporary consolidation measures. H: The decision to invest in new technology is influenced by current tax legislation.
entailment   P: STILL Regional Service Center, s.r.o., is based in Prague, Czech Republic.   H: The company STILL Regional Service Center, s.r.o., operates within the Czech Republic.
neutral P: It also contains the KION Group’s non-financial declaration as required under German law. H: The KION Group has offices in multiple countries around the world.
entailment P: A contract liability is a company’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the company has received consideration. H: The company is expected to fulfill its duty of providing goods or services due to receiving payment.
neutral P: The specific figures are shown in TABLE 032. H: The report includes qualitative analysis of the data.
entailment  P: The net cash used for investing activities amounted to minus €406.3 million in the reporting period (2019: minus €277.9 million). H: The company increased its investment spending in the current reporting period compared to the year 2019.
neutral P: And then maybe if we extend that to 2027, how do you see your market share or overall in terms of your growth versus market growth in both of the segments? H: The company is planning to introduce a new product line next year.
entailment P: A Baoli offers its customers a range of solid and robust industrial trucks and guarantees a high quality of service. H: Customers purchasing industrial trucks from Baoli can expect durable products.
neutral P: As part of the CampusOS project, STILL is conducting research into open 5G networks and developing the technologies required to use them in intralogistics. H: The integration of 5G technology within CampusOS aims to reduce operational costs.
entailment P: The subscribed capital (share capital) of KION GROUP AG amounted to around €131.2 million as at December 31, 2023. H: KION GROUP AG had a specific value of share capital at the end of 2023.
neutral P: All members of the Remuneration Committee participated in all of its ordinary meetings. H: Some members of the Remuneration Committee are experts in financial management.
entailment P: At the end of 2022, the KION Group was able to appoint suitable successors for half of its management positions. H: The KION Group filled 50% of its management vacancies by the end of 2022.
neutral P: In the market for supply chain solutions, we anticipate an annual growth rate along the long-term trend of more than 10 percent, driven primarily by growth in e-commerce. H: Traditional retail sectors will continue to see stable consumer interest over the same period.
entailment P: In July 2023, Dematic announced the global launch of a noise-reduction portfolio. H: Dematic introduced a new product aimed at reducing noise in July 2023.
neutral P: In the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, this trend was boosted by orders brought forward by customers and by delays in the delivery of new trucks caused by bottlenecks at suppliers. H: The demand for maintenance services for industrial trucks has seen a significant increase in recent years.
entailment P: The KION Group has the right to adjust the amount payable at the end of the performance period in the event of exceptional occurrences or developments. H: If exceptional occurrences or developments occur, the KION Group can change the payment amount due at the performance period's end.
neutral P: The KION Group avoids the use of multiple-gender pronouns in the interests of legibility. H: The KION Group's annual revenue has increased compared to the previous year.
entailment P: As at the end of 2023, modernization work and services (customer services) were being provided to customers at their sites by around 2,100 employees and other external staff in a total of around 30 countries. H: The company had operations in multiple countries, employing over two thousand people to provide customer services on-site.
neutral P: The Corporate Services segment comprises activities other than those of the operating business and the holding functions of the KION Group. H: The KION Group is planning to expand its operations in Asia.
entailment P: The total carrying amount for liabilities in connection with share-based remuneration was €1.3 million as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: €16.2 million). H: The liabilities for share-based remuneration decreased from 2021 to 2022.
neutral P: Coming now to the second quarter, our assessment is that the market in EMEA was down strongly, while we expect the Americas to have seen moderate growth in the second quarter. H: The company introduced a new product line in Asia during the second quarter.
entailment P: The consolidated revenue generated between January and December 2021 jumped by 23.4 percent year on year. H: The revenue in 2021 was higher than in 2020.
neutral P: The amount of the pension depends on employees’ length of service and final salary. H: The average retirement age varies among different sectors.
entailment P: Opportunities are determined and managed on a decentralized basis in line with the Group strategy. H: Decision-making on opportunities is aligned with the overall Group strategy.
neutral P: Lots of companies are doing that across lots of -- in different industries. H: A specific technology company is expanding its market share globally.
entailment P: EMEA continued to see a strong momentum in Q1. H: The business performance in EMEA was positive in the first quarter.
neutral P: Following the regulatory approval of vaccines and the vaccination programs that began in late 2020 and early 2021, it now seems more likely that the coronavirus pandemic will be brought under control soon. H: The economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic will be completely reversed by the end of the year.
entailment P: A reconciliation of net financial debt to industrial net operating debt is presented in the table ‘Industrial net operating debt’ (in the section ‘Financial position and financial performance of the KION Group’). H: The KION Group’s financial documentation includes a detailed analysis of its debts.
neutral P: At the start of July 2023, the KION Group signed up to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in order to provide transparency regarding its efforts to reduce greenhouse emissions. H: The KION Group plans to implement renewable energy sources across all its facilities by 2025.
entailment P: Internal control mechanisms and ongoing analysis of the regulatory framework enable any risks that might jeopardize the compliance of the consolidated financial statements and group management report with accounting standards to be identified as soon as possible so that appropriate countermeasures can be taken. H: Risks to compliance of financial statements with accounting standards can be identified and mitigated promptly.
neutral P: The service business benefits from the growing number and the rising complexity of installed systems. H: The service business is increasingly adopting digital tools for customer engagement.
entailment P: KION GROUP AG is also a member of the initiative 'Chefsache.' H: KION GROUP AG participates in activities to promote leadership diversity and inclusion.
neutral P: To ensure the highest level of safety for both operators and the environment, the KION Group’s standards for its own products and solutions usually go beyond the legal requirements and are backed up by numerous tests and trials with industrial trucks. H: The KION Group is planning to expand its operations into new international markets next year.
entailment   P: The Executive Committee of KION GROUP AG consists of four shareholder representatives and four employee representatives.   H: The Executive Committee of KION GROUP AG is made up of equal numbers of shareholder and employee representatives.
neutral P: KION GROUP AG neither intends to nor assumes any separate obligation to update forward-looking statements or to change these to reflect events or developments that occur after the publication of this annual report. H: KION GROUP AG is committed to maintaining transparency with its investors.
entailment P: And we expect to achieve this within our strategic planning period. H: This goal is planned to be reached by the end of our strategic planning period.
neutral P: On page 32 of the KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2019 Update Call Transcription, Daniel Gleim stated, "Very clear." H: The KION GROUP AG may be planning to launch a new product line in the next fiscal year.
entailment P: Effective use and centralized coordination of global development capacities may create synergies and economies of scale. H: Centralizing coordination of development efforts can lead to more efficient resource use.
neutral P: In the case of product sales, the corresponding expense is recognized in cost of sales at the date on which the revenue is recognized. H: The method of delivery for the sold products varies depending on the geographic location of the buyer.
entailment P: Further information on goodwill can be found in note [16]. H: Note [16] contains details regarding goodwill.
neutral P: These non-GAAP measures have been included because we believe that investors may find them helpful to measure our performance as reported under the relevant IFRS measures. H: Investors prefer non-GAAP measures to traditional financial metrics for assessing the financial health of companies.
entailment P: Other provisions are recognized when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation to a third party as the result of a past event that is likely to lead to a future outflow of resources and that can be reliably estimated. H: The Group will likely incur a financial expense due to past events.
neutral P: So obviously, the trucks themselves are now more expensive, but what we’ve seen in some parts of the world, diesel prices are up 40%. H: The increase in the price of trucks has led to improved fuel efficiency in new models.
entailment P: The KION Group strives for a behavior-based safety culture regarding physical as well as mental health and minimizing hazards, workplace-related injuries, occupational illnesses, and serious incidents. H: The KION Group implements strategies and policies to reduce the risk of workplace accidents and promote health.
neutral P: I think that’s a very valid question, especially in the environment that we’re in right now and potentially a very looming gas situation here, Akash. H: Global oil prices fluctuated significantly last month.
entailment P: The liabilities to banks and the promissory notes are not collateralized. H: The bank cannot seize specific assets if the debts are not repaid.
neutral P: The KION Group only uses derivatives to hedge underlying operational and financial transactions; they are not used for speculative purposes. H: The KION Group's revenue from operations has increased in the last quarter.
entailment P: Net financial debt rose by €1,102.9 million to €1,670.5 million as at the reporting date, compared with €567.6 million at the end of 2021. H: The increase in net financial debt from the end of 2021 to the reporting date was €1,102.9 million.
neutral P: This also applies in particular to cases of discrimination. H: The effectiveness of anti-discrimination policies varies by region.
entailment P: No, our Supply Chain Solutions business is the world’s leading integrator of our own and third-party technology with a full software stack and being able to put all that into a solution that’s giving our customers competitive strategic advantages. H: Our customers gain competitive strategic advantages from our integrated supply chain solutions.
neutral P: Group order intake at €2.6 billion was up 4% year-on-year, thanks to the solid order intake at Supply Chain Solutions. H: The market share of the company has seen significant fluctuations over the past five years.
entailment P: Among other things, it regulates cooperation with external business partners with regard to integrity checks or performance incentives. H: The system implements mechanisms for verifying the integrity and rewarding the performance of external business partners.
neutral P: The KION Group actively drives safety standards for the industry. H: The KION Group has expanded its operations into new international markets this year.
entailment P: Amendments to IAS 37 'Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets' relate to the costs to be considered by an entity in assessing whether a contract is onerous (loss-making). H: Entities must now include specific costs in their assessment to determine if a contract will result in a loss according to the recently amended IAS 37 standards.
neutral P: Access to highly skilled workers helps to lay the foundations for future profitable growth. H: The company plans to invest in advanced manufacturing technologies next year.
Entailment P: The list of shareholdings as at December 31, 2021, includes detailed records of all shareholders' equity stakes. H: The company was able to identify and report the ownership information of its shareholders by the end of 2021.
neutral P: To help customers overcome these challenges, the KION Group has teamed up with ifesca GmbH to employ artificial intelligence to forecast and manage energy use in industrial applications. H: The collaboration between the KION Group and ifesca GmbH has resulted in the development of a new electric forklift model.
entailment P: There’s about a 6- to 24-month lead time in Supply Chain Solutions, and I think that’s an important element to keep reflecting on as you’re building your models. H: Supply Chain Solutions require careful planning ahead of time.
neutral P: Further information on leases where the KION Group is the lessor can be found in the section on the lease and short-term rental business in this note. H: The KION Group offers a variety of financial services beyond leasing.
entailment P: The commercial paper program was increased by €250.0 million to €750.0 million in April 2022. H: The value of the commercial paper program before the increase was €500.0 million.
neutral P: So, is this similar in kind of size of competitors also? H: The industry has seen a significant increase in startup engagements last year.
entailment P: Deferred taxes are recognised in other comprehensive income if they relate to transactions also recognised in other comprehensive income. H: If a transaction related to deferred taxes is recognised in other comprehensive income, then the deferred taxes will be recognised there as well.
neutral P: For example, they are used along with the six core competencies as a basis for measuring performance in the annual staff appraisal interviews. H: Staff members appreciate the clarity that the core competencies provide in their job roles.
entailment P: The total expenditure is around €120 million, of which €98.0 million (or €89.3 million after deduction of cash and cash equivalents acquired) was included in the calculation of free cash flow in the year under review. H: The calculation of free cash flow for the year took into account most of the total expenditure.
neutral P: The Company applies high quality and safety standards to the use of its products and in product development and manufacturing, and it has also taken out the usual types of insurance to cover any third-party claims. H: The company's products have received multiple industry awards for innovation.
entailment   P: Liabilities from financial services arising from the lease business include residual value obligations resulting from the indirect lease business. H: The lease business is responsible for generating specific liabilities, such as residual value obligations.
neutral P: In particular, capacity bottlenecks on the part of suppliers could result in the KION Group facing backlogs in the supply of individual raw materials and components. H: The KION Group is exploring alternative energy sources for their operations.
entailment P: Contract costs are recognized as an expense in the period in which they are incurred. H: The expense for contract costs appears in financial statements in the same period the costs are incurred.
neutral P: We also liaised closely with workforce representatives in order to make full use of opportunities for internal flexibility. H: The organization is planning to hire new employees next quarter.
entailment P: One new promissory note was issued, whereas a further amount was repaid towards the remaining long-term tranches under the AFA. H: The total number of promissory notes increased by at least one.
neutral P: Certification is to be extended to all production facilities and sales and service outlets. H: The certification process involves rigorous safety inspections.
entailment P: Net cash provided by operating activities totaled €527.1 million, which was lower than the prior-year figure of €846.3 million, primarily because of the decline in EBIT. H: The company's EBIT decreased compared to the previous year.
neutral P: We are responsible for the direction, supervision, and performance of the group audit. H: The group specializes in environmental law.
entailment P: The Supervisory Board’s decision on changing the remuneration system was guided by KION GROUP AG’s positioning in the top quartile of the MDAX on the basis of its size, market position, and total assets. H: KION GROUP AG is in the top quartile of the MDAX.
neutral P: And we got our eyes on bringing the guidance back when the market uncertainty reduces, and we can come back with some solid guidance for the rest of the year. H: The company has previously been successful in navigating market uncertainties.
entailment P: A deepening of the crisis in the Chinese real-estate sector is regarded as a further risk. H: The crisis in the Chinese real-estate sector is worsening.
neutral P: The reduction in new business (business solutions), which affected both North America and EMEA, was only partly offset by an encouraging rise in orders in the service business (customer services). H: The increase in service business orders has led to a significant expansion of the company's market share in Asia.
entailment P: Dematic is the global leader in warehouse automation, providing a broad range of intelligent supply chain and automation solutions. H: Dematic offers solutions that improve the efficiency of supply chain operations.
neutral P: Capital expenditure for the KION Group includes capitalized development costs and spending on property, plant, and equipment and on intangible assets (excluding right-of-use assets) for the reporting period. H: The KION Group's revenue for the reporting period was primarily influenced by its market expansion strategies.
entailment P: Since January 1, 2021, the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG, which is responsible for the operational management of the KION Group, has had six members. H: The KION GROUP AG has been managed by an Executive Board consisting of six members from the start of 2021.
neutral P: Therefore, all of our plants globally are running. H: The efficiency of our plants has significantly improved this quarter.
entailment P: The increase would have been higher without a fall in defined benefit obligations as a result of changed discount rates and plan adjustments and without the repayment of non-current financial liabilities. H: The fall in defined benefit obligations and the repayment of non-current financial liabilities contributed to reducing the potential increase.
neutral P: The KION Group’s modeling of the market is based on a further slowdown in global economic growth and a recession in Europe, as explained in the outlook. H: The KION Group is introducing a new range of eco-friendly forklifts to the market.
entailment P: This is supported by data from 2020 gathered by Interact Analysis. H: Interact Analysis conducted research in 2020.
neutral P: The revenue in the Supply Chain Solutions segment amounts to mEUR 2,619.4 in the financial year 2020 (prior year: mEUR 2,376.1). H: The increase in revenue was due to the acquisition of new clients in the Supply Chain Solutions segment.
entailment P: This is due in large part to the growth in the volume of new truck business and the rise in the contribution from the service business compared to the past. H: The service business has become more significant to overall success than it was previously.
neutral P: The electric forklift trucks made by STILL GmbH are also extremely powerful. H: The electric forklift trucks require specific safety training for operation.
entailment P: Christoph, I understand where you’re coming from, but you shouldn’t look at the ’22 numbers for financial year but actually use Q4 as a starting point. H: Christoph is advised to base his financial analysis on the fourth quarter.
neutral P: The KION GROUP AG Supervisory Board met this statutory requirement regarding gender representation on supervisory boards in 2022 as 31.25 percent of its members were female (five of the 16 members). H: The overall workforce diversity strategy of KION GROUP AG includes initiatives beyond gender representation.
entailment P: Furthermore, sustainability is to be made a focus topic right at the very start of the product evolution process. H: The product evolution process will include considerations on sustainability from its inception.
neutral P: The KION Group has set itself the target of having all its sites certified according to ISO 45001 or equivalent standards by the end of 2024. H: The KION Group plans to reduce its carbon footprint by implementing new environmental policies.
entailment P: The critical-terms-match method is used to measure the prospective effectiveness of the hedges. H: The effectiveness of hedges can be assessed using the critical-terms-match method.
neutral P: In 2020, LMH EMEA, for example, achieved more than 20 percent coverage. H: LMH EMEA launched a new product line in 2021.
entailment P: The maximum amount payable is limited to 200 percent of the value of the shares allotted to an individual at the grant date. H: No individual can be paid more than twice the value of their allotted shares at the time of granting.
neutral P: Foreign-currency forwards with settlement dates in the same month as the expected cash flows from the Group’s operating activities are used as hedges. H: The Group's operating activities are highly influenced by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
entailment P: The organizational integration of new units can harm financial performance for a variety of reasons. H: Financial challenges may arise following the integration of new units into an organization.
neutral P: The segment operates a multi-brand strategy involving the three international brands Linde, STILL, and Baoli plus the two regional brands Fenwick and OM. H: The company's multi-brand strategy has significantly increased its market share in the past year.
entailment P: The market for supply chain solutions delivered strong growth in 2019. H: Supply chain solutions experienced increased demand in 2019.
neutral P: To identify taxonomy-eligible as well as taxonomy-aligned economic activities, an interdisciplinary team was compiled to analyze and evaluate the KION Group’s economic activities based on the technical screening criteria of the Delegated Act. H: The interdisciplinary team has members with expertise in environmental science.
entailment P: Then in September 2022, the term of the variable-rate revolving credit facility (RCF) with a total volume of €1,000.0 million was extended by one year until October 2027. H: The maturity date of the variable-rate revolving credit facility was previously set to October 2026.
neutral P: I get that part as that is also an indication perhaps on what to expect in terms of sales for next year already. H: The company is planning to launch a new marketing campaign next quarter.
entailment P: Currency risks from financial instruments as defined by IFRS 7 are only included in calculating currency sensitivity if the financial instruments are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the Group company concerned. H: Financial instruments denominated in the functional currency of the Group company are excluded from the currency sensitivity analysis as per IFRS 7.
neutral P: As the shares in the Company are bearer shares, the Company only learns about changes to the size of shareholdings if these changes are notifiable pursuant to the German Securities Trading Act or other regulations. H: The Company has a detailed record of all individual shareholders and their personal information.
entailment P: If this cannot be readily defined, a term-specific and currency-specific incremental borrowing rate of interest is essentially determined and used for the calculation. H: The calculation uses a specifically determined interest rate when a general rate is not applicable.
neutral P: The Industrial Trucks & Services segment has a very broadly diversified customer base. H: The company is planning to expand its product line next year.
entailment P: The benefits granted for the year under review, including the additional benefits and – in the case of variable remuneration components – the maximum and minimum remuneration achievable are shown in the table ‘Benefits granted in 2020’. H: The table ‘Benefits granted in 2020’ includes information on the maximum and minimum variable remuneration components.
neutral P: Alongside the modernisation of existing plants in Aschaffenburg, Hamburg, Châtellerault, and Luzzara, we are currently planning to build new factories in Poland and China. H: The company is exploring opportunities to introduce a new product line next year.
entailment P: The last available annual financial statements or interim financial statements were generally used as the basis for measurement. H: Financial measurements were based on recent financial statements.
neutral P: Eastern Europe's GDP increased slightly by 0.5% in Q4, which was mainly supported by Russia. H: The tourism industry in Eastern Europe saw significant growth in the same quarter.
entailment P: Despite the growing danger posed by inflation, monetary and fiscal policy remained on an expansionary footing. H: The authorities did not restrict economic policies in response to inflation.
neutral P: In addition, Standard & Poor’s followed the lead of its fellow rating agency Fitch by awarding the KION Group an investment-grade rating for the first time last year – a testament to our outstanding financial profile. H: The KION Group has recently expanded its operations into new international markets.
entailment P: Risks arising from the lease business mainly affect the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, while project risks primarily relate to the Supply Chain Solutions segment. H: The Industrial Trucks & Services segment is more susceptible to the repercussions of lease business risks than to project risks.
neutral P: On a smaller scale, they included expenses of €7.6 million from interest charged on intercompany liabilities (2019: €11.8 million) and expenses of €5.1 million from the unwinding of the discount on pension provisions (2019: €5.4 million). H: The company's overall profitability increased in the reporting year.
entailment P: Given the high degree of technical specialisation of KION Group products, the Group procures many customer-specific components with a single-sourcing approach. H: KION Group relies on specific suppliers for certain components tailored to their products.
neutral P: Dr. Alexander Dibelius sent his apologies for his absence from one of the four meetings of the Executive Committee and Alexandra Schädler sent her apologies for her absence from one of the six meetings of the Audit Committee. H: Dr. Alexander Dibelius and Alexandra Schädler have never missed a meeting on the same day.
entailment P: Any change in the fair value of the obligation must be recognized (pro rata) under expenses. H: Adjustments to the fair value of obligations will result in proportional expense recognition.
neutral P: The KION Group cannot guarantee that future performance and actual profits generated will be consistent with the stated assumptions and estimates and can accept no liability in this regard. H: The KION Group is exploring new markets to expand its business operations.
entailment P: Further information on employee structure and personnel expenses can be found in Tables 12 to 16 and in the Annual Report. H: The Annual Report contains details about employee structure and personnel expenses.
neutral P: At the end of last year, we completed the global KION Pulse survey of our entire workforce in which we asked for suggestions on how we could improve. H: The most frequent suggestion in the survey was to introduce flexible working hours.
entailment P: We describe these matters in the auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter. H: The auditor's report includes descriptions of matters unless disclosing them is forbidden by law or regulations.
neutral P: Net financial debt equated to 1.0 times adjusted EBITDA, representing a further year-on-year improvement (2018: 1.2 times). H: The company has diversified its investment portfolio in the last fiscal year.
entailment  P: The KION Group not only wants to offer its customers the most-efficient technology but also to encourage them to opt for this technology. H: The KION Group is actively promoting the adoption of efficient technology among its customers.
neutral P: The KION GROUP AG's annual report for 2023 includes a corporate governance statement, combined management report, consolidated financial statements, notes to the consolidated financial statements, and additional information, as outlined in the guidelines of the German Corporate Governance Code (GCGC).  H: The KION GROUP AG is planning to expand its operations into new international markets within the next fiscal year.
entailment P: By contrast, the Supply Chain Solutions segment tends to be less cyclical owing to longer project cycles, often lasting for several years, and to the stable growth of e-commerce. H: The Supply Chain Solutions segment's revenue is likely more predictable due to its long-term projects and the consistent expansion of e-commerce.
neutral P: That’s part of the visibility we’re working to achieve prior to coming back with guidance. H: The guidance will include specific steps for implementation.
entailment P: Shandong Heavy Industry Group Co., Ltd., Jinan, People’s Republic of China, is the company that prepares the global consolidated financial statements for the largest number of affiliated companies. H: Shandong Heavy Industry Group Co., Ltd. has a broad network of affiliated companies worldwide.
neutral P: Thanks to the encouraging level of order intake, particularly in the fourth quarter, and the full order book, project-related capacity utilization will remain at a good level for much of 2021. H: The company will expand its operations into new markets in 2021.
entailment P: The interest cost from the unwinding of the discount on estimated pension obligations is not recognized under personnel expenses and is instead reported under financial expenses as a component of interest expense. H: The company reports the interest cost from pension obligations under financial expenses.
neutral P: Analysis of the maturity structure of receivables is an integral element of monthly reporting. H: The company uses a software tool to predict future cash flows.
entailment P: In derogation of section 3.8 (3) of the Code, the articles of association of KION GROUP AG do not provide for a deductible for members of the Supervisory Board under D&O insurance. H: KION GROUP AG's supervisory board members have D&O insurance coverage without a deductible requirement.
neutral P: In such cases, the KION Group’s closely integrated manufacturing network presents a heightened risk to its ability to deliver goods on time. H: The KION Group is expanding its product range to include electric vehicles.
entailment P: Additions to and repayments of financial debt mainly related to current additions and repayments under the commercial paper program and the syndicated revolving credit facility (RCF) as well as the repayment of bank loans. H: The company engaged in managing its debt through activities concerning commercial papers, a syndicated RCF, and bank loans.
neutral P: If the 2024 Annual General Meeting approves it, the 2024 remuneration system will apply retrospectively from January 1, 2024. H: The company's stock price will rise following the announcement of the 2024 remuneration system.
entailment   P: Other countries have significant asset volumes invested in external pension funds with restricted access in the US, Switzerland, and the Netherlands.   H: The US, Switzerland, and the Netherlands host external pension funds with assets from other countries.
neutral P: And our STILL brand is operating one of Europe’s biggest fleets of fuel-cell forklift trucks at the French retail and wholesaling company Carrefour. H: Carrefour is implementing a new software system to optimize inventory management across its European operations.
entailment P: Currency effects reduced order intake by a total of €66.3 million. H: The order intake was negatively impacted by changes in currency values.
neutral P: Our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report do not cover the other information, and consequently we do not express an audit opinion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon. H: The other information includes future financial projections and plans for new investments.
entailment P: The resulting final number of phantom shares multiplied by the smoothed price of KION GROUP AG shares at the end of the performance period determines the amount of cash actually paid. H: The cash payout is dependent on both the quantity of phantom shares and the smoothed share price of KION GROUP AG at the performance period's end.
neutral P: KION’s Q2 orders came in at 86,300 units and thus close to the record levels of the previous year. H: The overall market demand for KION's product category has increased this year.
entailment P: There is a sense that the pause is coming to an end or any sort of green shoots. H: Signs of recovery or positive changes are being observed.
neutral P: Our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report do not cover the other information, and consequently we do not express an audit opinion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon. H: The company plans to expand its operations into new markets next year.
entailment P: The KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst Preliminary Full Year 2019 Update Call included a question-and-answer session. H: Questions were taken from participants during the update call.
neutral P: Provisions for defined benefit obligations to former members of the Executive Board or their surviving dependants amounting to €11,672 thousand (2018: €10,463 thousand) were recognised in accordance with IAS 19. H: The company's overall profit or loss for the fiscal year has increased compared to 2018.
entailment P: Taking account of shareholders, customers, employees, and other stakeholders with the aim of creating sustainable added value increases a company's potential for long-term success. H: A strategy focused on sustainable value benefits not only the company but also its stakeholders.
neutral P: In addition, employees receive practical information on the subject of occupational safety via the KION Group Social Intra-net and are informed of current developments (“Safety Alerts”). H: Employees prefer reading safety updates in physical newsletters over digital formats.
entailment P: The KION compliance department focuses mainly on preventing compliance violations by providing policies, information, advice, and training. H: KION's compliance department aims to minimize the risk of compliance breaches.
neutral P: When I talk about normalization, I’m talking, very clearly, we still expect about 4% compound annual growth rate per annum in the medium and long term on this industry. H: Other industries might experience different growth rates due to varying market dynamics.
entailment P: It’s a significant recognition, and I’m very proud of the work my colleagues have put into this. H: My colleagues contributed to achieving the recognition.
neutral P: Customer centricity and a firm focus on customer requirements are also enshrined in the KION Group’s vision of being the best company in the world at understanding its customers’ material handling needs and providing the right solutions. H: The KION Group has recently expanded its operations into new international markets.
entailment P: The KION Group paid minus €4.8 million for the acquisition of around 20 percent of the shares in ifesca GmbH. H: The KION Group effectively incurred a cost for increasing its share ownership in ifesca GmbH.
neutral P: In the United Kingdom, defined benefit pension obligations predominantly relate to two plans. H: The financial performance of companies in the United Kingdom directly influences their ability to meet defined benefit pension obligations.
entailment P: In the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, at least 75 percent of the currency risk related to the planned operating cash flows based on liquidity planning is normally hedged by currency forwards in accordance with the risk management policy. H: The company employs currency forwards to mitigate a significant portion of currency risk in its Industrial Trucks & Services segment.
Neutral P: Higher volumes were the main margin driver during the quarter, lifting the adjusted EBIT margin to 11.7%, despite the ongoing negative shift in the sales mix caused by the strong project business, clearly outpacing currently the service business. H: The company plans to launch a new product line next year.
entailment P: KION GROUP AG has an internal control system designed to meet the specific needs of the Company. H: The internal control system at KION GROUP AG is tailored to its operational requirements.
neutral P: Goods from Europe account for the largest share of the KION Group’s purchasing volume (74 percent), followed by North and South America (14 percent) and Asia-Pacific (11 percent). H: The KION Group has sustainability initiatives specifically targeting its suppliers in Africa.
entailment P: Thanks to the proceeds from the capital increase, net financial debt fell sharply to €880.0 million (December 31, 2019: €1,609.3 million). H: The capital increase resulted in a decrease in net financial debt.
neutral P: Interact Analysis anticipates that this will lead to disproportionately strong growth in the market for AMRs and AGVs. H: Companies manufacturing manual material handling equipment will invest more in R&D.
entailment P: The KION Group endeavors to pass on price increases to customers but cannot always do so entirely due to market pressures. H: The KION Group sometimes absorbs part of the cost increases instead of passing them fully to customers.
neutral P: At the new plant in Jinan, in China’s Shandong province, pre-production of Linde and Baoli counterbalance trucks started in December 2021, followed by the launch of regular production in February 2022. H: The development of environmentally friendly vehicle models is a priority for the automotive industry in 2022.
entailment P: The live event included over 1,000 participants from 40 countries and saw the presentation of all available safety features. H: Participants from multiple countries attended the live event.
neutral P: The holding period for KEEP 2016 ended on 5 October 2019, and the bonus shares were issued to the eligible employees at no cost. H: The company that offered KEEP 2016 has seen a significant increase in stock value since 2019.
entailment  P: The main drivers of this are: We saw a 29% growth in new truck sales. H: New truck sales increased.
neutral P: At this point, I’d like to stick with what I’ve said. H: The speaker is open to considering new ideas in the future.
entailment P: The key aims of the initiative were to ensure that the organizational structure was firmly embedded and to communicate the KION Group’s strategy more widely. H: The initiative sought to stabilize the organizational structure and increase awareness of the KION Group's strategy.
neutral P: The market risks and competition risks described, the risks along the value chain, the human resources risks, and the legal risks largely relate to the Industrial Trucks & Services and Supply Chain Solutions segments. H: The company is planning to expand its operations into new geographical markets next year.
entailment P: Segment reports are prepared in accordance with the same accounting policies as the consolidated financial statements, as described in note [6]. H: The accounting policies for segment reports are detailed in note [6].
neutral P: The higher production output and the price adjustments carried out in 2022 resulted in a sharp year-on-year increase in revenue and adjusted EBIT that saw the segment’s profitability return to the level of previous years following a weak performance in 2022. H: The company's market share in its sector remained constant throughout the period.
entailment P: The treasury shares bought as a result of this authorization must not exceed 10 percent of the Company’s share capital at any time. H: The Company is restricted to acquiring a maximum of 10 percent of its own shares at any given moment.
neutral P: Assets held for sale and non-current assets or disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. H: The market for non-current assets has been experiencing a significant increase in demand recently.
entailment   P: HSE managers at the KION Group’s production facilities and in its sales and service units have the opportunity to meet and talk with one another at annual conferences.   H: Annual conferences are organized for HSE managers within the KION Group.
neutral P: And last year, you recall we didn’t have those protections in place until we started doing so in the second quarter going forward. H: The company has always prioritized employee health in its annual planning.
entailment P: With respect to the lease applications used, we examined the appropriateness, implementation and, where required, effectiveness of certain IT controls in line with our audit strategy. H: The audit included an assessment of IT controls related to lease applications.
neutral P: The KION Group aligns its actions with environmental, social, and economic objectives. H: The KION Group recently introduced a new line of electric forklifts.
entailment P: An audit team is set to perform audit procedures on the prospective information presented by the executive directors in the combined management report. H: The audit team will review and verify the future-oriented information provided by the executive directors.
neutral P: This network of companies and leaders from industry and science, the public sector, and the media advocates equal opportunities for women and men. H: Members of the network prefer online meetings over in-person gatherings.
entailment P: The price of steel, the most important commodity, fell steadily as the year progressed and at the end of 2019 was well below its average price for 2018. H: At the end of 2019, the steel was cheaper compared to its average price in 2018.
neutral P: It’s also helpful on the pricing side. H: The product uses advanced algorithms to analyze market trends.
entailment P: Currency effects boosted order intake by a total of €145.8 million. H: The order intake increased due to currency effects.
neutral P: Revenue amounted to €3,806.9 million, which was within the target range of €3,650 million to €4,050 million. H: The company has expanded its market operations to two new countries this year.
entailment P: To increase the efficiency of its work, the Supervisory Board is now supported by five standing committees. H: The Supervisory Board has made changes to improve its efficiency.
neutral P: The subscription offer was successfully completed on December 4, 2020: 12,557,440 new shares were subscribed to and thus 95.8 percent of pre-emption rights were exercised. H: The stock market showed increased volatility in the month following the subscription offer.
entailment   P: In 2020, the parent company and the consolidated subsidiaries that reported losses for 2020 or 2019 recognized net deferred tax assets on temporary differences, loss carryforwards, and tax credits totaling €27.6 million (2019: €12.8 million).   H: The amount of net deferred tax assets recognized by the parent company and its consolidated subsidiaries increased from 2019 to 2020.
neutral P: In 2023, no violations of the KION Group Code of Compliance were found within the KION Group that revealed a relevant gap in the compliance management system. H: The KION Group has implemented advanced cybersecurity measures to protect its data and operations.
entailment P: The supplier development department focuses on improving suppliers' production processes to ensure they are cost-efficient and offer excellent quality. H: Suppliers receiving support from the supplier development department have production processes that are likely to be more cost-efficient and of higher quality.
neutral P: For Ms. Schneeberger, the arrangements in her termination agreement continue to apply. H: Ms. Schneeberger is considering a career change.
entailment P: Free cash flow is shown in the table ‘Key performance indicators’ in this section. H: The section includes a table listing key performance indicators.
neutral P: That’s following basically the start of the trade wars under the Trump presidency, that fact as well that we learned from the pandemic that perhaps the globalization had gone a bit too far, so these kinds of thoughts. H: International travel has become more efficient due to advances in transportation technology.
entailment  P: Lainate Italy EMEA owns 100.00% of URBAN LOGISTIQUE SAS in Elancourt, France, and Urban Transporte spol.  H: URBAN LOGISTIQUE SAS in Elancourt, France is a subsidiary of a company based in Lainate Italy EMEA.
neutral P: Nor does it guarantee that risks that are identified beforehand will not materialize. H: Some risks may be mitigated through preventative measures.
entailment P: For the KION Group, environmental responsibility comprises two aspects: First, the company intends to minimize the environmental footprint of its own actions as far as possible. H: The KION Group aims to reduce its environmental impact.
neutral P: In accordance with KION’s safety culture, all employees have the right and duty to withdraw from hazardous work situations and report identified risks. H: KION offers regular training sessions on project management to its employees.
entailment P: Regarding the Company’s operations, the Supervisory Board obtained regular updates on progress with the package of measures initiated in 2022 to boost profitability. H: The Supervisory Board was informed about the advancements of the profitability enhancement measures.
neutral P: Standards ensure that new product developments are brought to market efficiently and quickly and make a major contribution to defining quality and minimum requirements. H: The KION GROUP AG's share price increased due to its focus on environmental sustainability in its product lifecycle.
entailment P: We assume the adjusted EBIT to be substantially stronger in the second half of the year, as both the improvement in supply chains and the 2022 price increases take full effect as the year progresses. H: The company's adjusted EBIT is expected to grow in the latter half of the year due to enhanced supply chain operations and the implementation of price increases from 2022.
neutral P: In 2020, the additional benefits for Mr. Quek amounted to a total of €136 thousand (2019: €135 thousand). H: Mr. Quek's overall job satisfaction in 2020 was significantly influenced by factors other than his additional benefits.
entailment P: The members of the Executive and Supervisory Boards were also informed of the policy. H: The policy was communicated to both the Executive and Supervisory Boards.
neutral P: A total net loss of €6.5 million was incurred in the year under review (2019: net income of €156.9 million). H: The company has decided to increase research and development spending in the following year.
entailment P: For indicators on water withdrawal and wastewater, see Tables 16 and 17. H: Information about water withdrawal and wastewater is contained in Tables 16 and 17.
neutral P: In the event of material changes to assumptions or circumstances, estimates must be reassessed and this can lead to the recognition of an impairment loss for the asset concerned. H: The decision to reassess estimates is influenced by changes in market interest rates.
entailment P: All companies must adhere to the schedule defined by head office for the Group accounting process. H: Companies cannot independently choose their accounting process schedules.
neutral P: Indaiatuba, located in São Paulo, Brazil. H: KION South Asia Pte. plans to expand its operations to Europe next year.
entailment P: They have to build up their shareholding to this percentage and hold the shares for as long as they remain on the Executive Board. H: Their tenure on the Executive Board requires maintaining a specific shareholding percentage.
neutral P: The effects from purchase price allocations comprised net write-downs and other expenses in relation to the step-ups and charges identified as part of the acquisition processes. H: The company's overall financial performance improved due to strategic budgeting in other areas.
entailment P: If a KION Group subsidiary enters into a finance lease as the lessor, a lease receivable is recognized at an amount equal to the net investment. H: The KION Group recognizes financial assets from finance leases its subsidiaries initiate as lessors.
neutral P: Since 2018, the Heubeck ‘Richttafeln 2018 G’ mortality tables have been used as the biometric basis in Germany. H: The development of new insurance products in Germany takes into account a variety of statistical data.
entailment P: The free float therefore accounted for 54.7 percent at the end of 2020. H: Over half of the available shares were in free float at the end of 2020.
neutral P: Within the scope of the KION Group sustainability strategy and the Group-wide sustainability program, two action fields directly address product-related sustainability priorities: 03 | Product and solution safety and 04 | Product and solution sustainability. H: The KION Group has implemented a comprehensive training program for all employees on environmental conservation practices.
entailment P: The amount of the pension depends on employees’ length of service and final salary. H: Employees with longer service and higher final salaries receive larger pensions.
neutral P: Since 2017, LMH EMEA has conducted a total of 90 Safety Scan projects in Europe. H: LMH EMEA is planning to expand its Safety Scan projects to Asia within the next year.
entailment P: They ranged from 0.1 percent to 0.3 percent as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: 0.1 percent to 0.4 percent). H: The maximum value of the range decreased from 2021 to 2022.
neutral P: The Executive Board’s rules of procedure specify that important transactions are subject to approval by the Supervisory Board. H: The company plans to expand its operations into a new market.
entailment P: Amendments to IFRS 16 'Leases' relate to the extension of COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions.   H: Lease accounting standards have been adjusted to accommodate changes due to the pandemic.
neutral P: As at December 31, 2021, the retirement benefit obligation and similar obligations under defined benefit pension plans amounted to a total of €1,265.3 million, which was significantly lower than the figure of €1,450.3 million as at the end of 2020. H: The company has adjusted its investment strategy for pension funds in 2021.
entailment P: The Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG appoints the members of the Executive Board and advises and monitors the Executive Board in its management of the Company. H: The Supervisory Board plays a critical role in the governance of KION GROUP AG by selecting its leadership and ensuring the company is managed effectively.
neutral P: For information provided by the Group on goodwill and brand names with indefinite useful life, we refer to notes [5], [7], and [17] to the consolidated financial statements. H: The details regarding the depreciation methods for fixed assets are outlined in note [11] of the financial statements.
entailment P: Dematic Corp. is based in Grand Rapids, United States, with a 100.00% ownership. H: Dematic has a subsidiary in the Americas.
neutral P: The Supervisory Board reappointed Andreas Krinninger as an Executive Board member for a further five years. H: The company's stock price will increase as a result of this decision.
entailment P: At the new counterbalance truck plant in Jinan, in China’s Shandong province, pre-production started in December 2021, followed by the launch of regular production in February 2022. H: The counterbalance truck plant in Jinan was operational before March 2022.
neutral P: Supervisory Board resolutions required in this regard were prepared accordingly. H: The company's financial performance has improved in the last quarter.
entailment P: 'Opportunities' are understood as positive deviations from the expectations set out in the outlook relating to the economic situation and the KION Group’s business situation. H: The identification of 'opportunities' signifies the potential for the KION Group to outperform its economic forecasts.
neutral P: Measures aimed at achieving these objectives include the optimization of the capital structure, the reduction of liabilities, and ongoing Group cash flow planning and management. H: The Group is planning to expand into new markets next quarter.
entailment P: The independent auditors review the condensed consolidated interim financial statements and condensed interim group management report in the half-year financial report. H: The condensed consolidated interim financial statements and condensed interim group management report undergo a review process.
neutral P: The revenue that the KION Group generated in 2019 and 2018 from selling goods and services to related parties, and vice versa, is shown in TABLES 118 – 119 along with the associated receivables and liabilities as at the reporting date. H: The KION Group's overall financial performance in 2019 and 2018 was influenced by factors beyond transactions with related parties.
entailment P: In addition, foreign-currency forwards are employed to hedge the currency risks arising in the course of internal financing. H: The organization takes measures to protect against currency fluctuation losses in its financing activities.
neutral P: In addition, we have convinced ourselves, where required, of the project progress on site and have taken into account the adherence to the budget planning based on retrospective analyses of selected projects. H: The team plans to implement new communication tools for future projects.
entailment P: These additional benefits will be granted for as long as Mr. Quek's designated place of work is Xiamen or until his service contract with KION GROUP AG ends. H: Mr. Quek will receive additional benefits if he works in Xiamen.
neutral P: In terms of probability of occurrence, procurement risk has reduced overall relative to the 2022 annual report. H: The number of suppliers has increased compared to the previous year.
entailment P: It’s reasonably stable, but it’s higher than it was several years back. H: Its value has increased over the past years.
neutral P: A clear sign of the Company’s commitment to taking the necessary steps is the earmarking of significant funds for capital expenditure on projects in the five fields of action (energy, digital, automation, innovation, and performance). H: The company's stock prices will see a significant increase within the next quarter.
entailment P: And some project inefficiencies are certain to remain as long as the supply chain issues remain. H: The resolution of supply chain issues is necessary for eliminating certain project inefficiencies.
neutral P: So normally, utilization should go up again during 2020. H: The total revenue of industries will drastically increase in 2020.
entailment P: This shows that, by firmly pursuing its KION 2027 strategy, our Company is and remains on the right course. H: The Company has a strategy named KION 2027.
neutral P: STILL Sverige AB is based in Malmö, Sweden and is a fully owned subsidiary of its parent company, with a 100.00% ownership stake. H: STILL Sverige AB plans to expand its product line next year.
entailment P: The corporate governance standards that the Group applies, which go further than the legal requirements, are set out in the corporate governance statement in accordance with sections 289f and 315d of the German Commercial Code (HGB). H: The Group's corporate governance standards exceed the minimum legal requirements.
neutral P: With a large rental fleet of 35,000 vehicles, STILL offers a perfect fit for every customer request. H: The majority of STILL's vehicles are electric.
entailment P: Risk-bearing capacity is defined as the maximum risk that can be sustained, while strictly avoiding any risks to the Group's survival as a going concern. H: The Group sets limits on the risks it takes to ensure its ongoing viability.
neutral P: However, it staged a moderate recovery during the final trading weeks of 2022. H: The overall performance of the stock market in 2022 was influenced by various global economic factors.
entailment P: In the market of the Industrial Trucks & Services segment, the outlook for 2022 assumes a noticeable decline in the number of new trucks sold. H: Sales figures for new industrial trucks will be lower in 2022 compared to previous years.
neutral P: The age structure of financial liabilities is reviewed and optimized continually. H: The market value of the company's assets fluctuates over time.
entailment P: The plan assets are predominantly invested in corporate bonds and inflation-linked UK government bonds, particularly in the United Kingdom. H: The investment strategy includes a focus on fixed-income securities within the UK.
neutral P: Many factors, some of which are beyond the control of the management, affect the Group’s business activities and profitability as well as the earnings of the strategic management holding company, KION GROUP AG. H: The KION GROUP AG is considering the expansion of its manufacturing facilities in Asia.
entailment   P: Further details of the share ownership guidelines for the Executive Board members in office as at December 31, 2022 can be found in the 2022 remuneration report, which is published on the KION GROUP AG website at www.kiongroup.com/remuneration.   H: The 2022 remuneration report includes information on share ownership guidelines for Executive Board members.
neutral P: We've done our homework, and we saw this coming. H: The project deadline was extended by two weeks.
entailment P: Interest expense from leases totalled €57.4 million in the current year, up from €51.3 million in 2018, and was attributable to liabilities from financing both the direct and indirect lease business as well as liabilities from financing the short-term rental fleet. H: The company experienced an increase in interest expenses from leasing activities compared to the previous year.
neutral P: The slightly different development in order intake in euro terms mainly resulted from differences in the product and regional mix. H: The company's overall financial performance is set to improve next quarter due to increased efficiency measures.
entailment P: The KION GROUP AG's order book remains high at €7.1 billion and continues to provide good workload for the quarters to come. H: The KION GROUP AG is expected to have steady work in the upcoming quarters due to their substantial order book.
neutral P: Each individual Group company has established a credit management system for identifying customer-related counterparty risks at an early stage and initiating the necessary countermeasures. H: Some Group companies are exploring advanced data analytics for market trend predictions.
entailment P: Opportunities are divided into three categories: Market opportunities describe the potential resulting from trends in the market and competitive environment and from the regulatory situation. H: Market opportunities are influenced by changes in the market, competition, and laws.
neutral P: They ranged from 0.0 percent to 6.3 percent as at December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020: 0.0 percent to 6.3 percent). H: The ranges are a reflection of varying interest rates in the market.
entailment P: The impairment test applies an income-oriented method in which fundamentally the same assumptions are used as in the impairment test for goodwill, and it did not reveal any need to recognize impairment losses. H: No impairment losses were identified during the recent impairment test for goodwill.
neutral P: Leased assets for direct and indirect leases with end customers that are classified as operating leases increased to €1,391.5 million (December 31, 2020: €1,333.3 million). H: The increase in leased assets has improved the overall financial health of the company.
entailment P: The German Corporate Governance Code (GCGC), as amended, provides the framework for management and control in the KION Group. H: The KION Group operates its management and control according to the guidelines set by the German Corporate Governance Code (GCGC).
neutral P: The 93KION GROUP AGCOMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORT on the economic position in the Annual Report 2019 states that the presence of the two operating segments in Asia and North America was significantly expanded. H: The 93KION GROUP AG is planning to launch a new product line in Europe next year.
entailment P: Just a quick one from me to understand why really like the margin was contracted that much in ITS in Q4 because it looks like you've lost close to 200 bps. H: The margin in ITS decreased significantly in the fourth quarter.
neutral P: The amount shown for Mr. Quek includes a flat-rate allowance of 33 percent (2019: 29 percent) as part of a tax equalization agreement. H: Mr. Quek's overall compensation has increased since 2019.
entailment P: A will be included when ramp-up of production is completed. H: Production will be increased to include A.
neutral P: Should violations become known, these would be sanctioned according to the legal instruments available locally. H: The effectiveness of local legal instruments varies significantly across different regions.
entailment P: The KION Group’s annual report is also available here, both as a PDF file and as an interactive online version. H: The KION Group provides their annual report in multiple formats online.
neutral P: The Nomination Committee’s task is to propose new candidates for the Supervisory Board to the Company’s Annual General Meeting. H: The Company’s Annual General Meeting will be held in the second quarter of the year.
entailment P: Mr. Quek will play an important role in the strategic realignment of the Company in the Chinese market over the coming years. H: Mr. Quek will be involved in key decisions affecting the Company's operation in China.
neutral P: In the reporting year, eight central HSE audits were carried out within the KION Group. H: The KION Group plans to increase its investment in renewable energy sources next year.
entailment P: The performance period for the 2020 tranche ends on December 31, 2022 (2019 tranche: December 31, 2021). H: The 2020 tranche has a longer performance period than the 2019 tranche.
neutral P: Statements in the presentation, including those regarding the possible or assumed future or other performance of the Company and its affiliates or its industry or other trend projections, constitute forward-looking statements. H: The Company has plans to expand its operations into new international markets next year.
entailment P: A KBS is fully consolidated in the KION Group’s financial statements on the basis of the control criteria set out in IFRS 10, in particular due to its economic dependence. H: The KION Group exercises control over KBS as defined by IFRS 10, indicating economic dependence.
neutral P: Foreign currency exchange rate expenses predominantly arise in connection with foreign currency positions in internal financing and the related hedging transactions that are not part of a formally documented hedge. H: The company plans to expand its operations into new international markets next year.
entailment P: The revenue to be realised is determined based on the percentage of completion method. H: The amount of revenue recognized reflects the progress of the work completed.
neutral P: The KION Group’s commitment to sustainability has been recognised by investors, banks and rating agencies. H: The KION Group has launched a new line of electric forklifts.
entailment P: The measurement of a restructuring provision only includes the direct expenditures arising from the restructuring and not associated with the ongoing activities of the entity concerned. H: Costs linked to the regular operations of the entity are not factored into the restructuring provision measurement.
neutral P: In some cases, the KION Group retains insignificant rights and obligations in connection with financial assets that are to be fully derecognized. H: The KION Group's overall financial strategy primarily focuses on sustainable growth.
entailment  P: The free float therefore continued to account for around 54.7 percent at the end of 2021.  H: By the end of 2021, more than half of the shares were freely traded on the market.
neutral P: The target achievement rate was calculated using preliminary earnings figures at the beginning of 2020 and equates to a payout of around 145 percent of the target value for one-year variable remuneration. H: The preliminary earnings figures led to an increase in employee motivation throughout the company.
entailment P: Free cash flow amounted to €543.8 million (2020: €120.9 million), which strengthened the Group’s financial position. H: The Group experienced a significant increase in free cash flow from 2020 to the current figure.
neutral P: Ordinary members of the Audit Committee receive €15,000, the chairman of the Audit Committee €45,000, and his deputy €30,000 in view of their greater responsibilities and thus the greater amount of their time taken up. H: Members of the Audit Committee have different levels of experience in finance and accounting.
entailment P: The foreign-currency forwards used as hedges will mature in 2022 at the latest. H: No foreign-currency forward hedge involved will have a maturity date beyond 2022.
neutral P: The distributable profit of KION GROUP AG for the 2022 financial year came to €111.0 million (2021: €197.1 million). H: KION GROUP AG is planning to expand its product line in the next financial year.
entailment P: The KION Group also wants to make itself even more attractive as an employer and retain employees for as long as possible by offering modern family policies, to cite one example. H: The KION Group plans to implement family-friendly policies.
neutral P: Approximately 70 percent of the share capital was represented and all of the motions were approved by a majority of votes. H: The company is planning to expand its operations internationally.
entailment P: Reflecting its responsibility as an employer, the KION Group attaches great importance to the health and safety of its employees. H: The KION Group implements measures to ensure the well-being of its workforce.
neutral P: There is a risk that partners will fail to meet their contractual obligations. H: The company has initiated a training program for new employees.
entailment P: The main reason for switching the end dates in this way is because holding elections for the full contingent of shareholder representatives can result in major changes and the loss of continuity of experience and expertise on the Supervisory Board. H: Adjusting election end dates helps in preserving the continuity and expertise on the Supervisory Board.
neutral P: Indeed we achieved the best ever order intake and revenue results in our Company’s history and are performing at a significantly higher level than before the crisis. H: The company has expanded its product line in the past year.
entailment P: In Aschaffenburg, Germany, Linde Material Handling (LMH) opened its state-of-the-art Experience Hub in fall 2023. H: Visitors to Aschaffenburg can experience LMH's latest innovations at the Experience Hub.
neutral P: But as I say, so far, so good. H: The weather will be rainy tomorrow.
entailment P: Each individual Group company has established a credit management system for identifying customer-related counterparty risks at an early stage and initiating the necessary countermeasures. H: Group companies are proactive in managing potential financial risks from customers.
neutral P: From the current perspective, the KION Group therefore believes that it remains on a solid footing in terms of its future funding capability. H: The KION Group plans to launch a new product line next year.
entailment P: As of 31 December 2020, it was confirmed that, in accordance with the principles applied, the measures are adequate for identifying risks for material breaches of rules with sufficient certainty in good time as well as for preventing violations. H: The measures in place by 31 December 2020 can effectively spot and mitigate potential rule breaches.
neutral P: All of the current shareholder representatives whose terms of office end in 2022 declared that they were willing to stand for re-election. H: The company plans to introduce new sustainability initiatives in 2023.
entailment P: Personnel expenses went up by €16.4 million to €53.9 million. H: The personnel expenses were €37.5 million before the increase.
neutral P: This increase was primarily attributable to expenses resulting from implementation of the capital increase in the reporting year (€14.7 million). H: The company has invested in new technology to enhance operational efficiency.
entailment P: The Group launched the Female Mentoring Program for its female managers in 2018, which also continued in 2022. H: The Female Mentoring Program was operational in both 2018 and 2022.
neutral P: About half of all new trucks are financed via the KION Group itself or via external banks and financing partners. H: The interest rates for financing new trucks have been steadily decreasing over the past year.
entailment P: As early as 1921, electricity-generating units were offered with the “Matador”; the “EK2000” electric truck followed in 1947 and the first electric forklift trucks in 1949. H: Electric mobility solutions have been developed and marketed since the early 20th century.
neutral P: Broken down by customer sector, Dematic has achieved particularly strong market share in the general merchandise, grocery, and apparel sectors. H: Dematic is planning to expand its market presence into the pharmaceutical sector.
entailment P: The net interest cost of €23.5 million was recognized in net financial expenses on December 31, 2022, an increase from €13.7 million the previous year. H: The net interest cost increased from the previous year to December 31, 2022.
neutral P: In addition, Linde unveiled the Linde E10, a versatile stand-on truck for transport tasks that can optionally be fitted with a lithium-ion battery. H: The Linde E10's design includes advanced safety features.
entailment P: The auditor reported in detail on the main findings of the audit on each occasion. H: The audit reports included detailed findings.
neutral P: The Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG is responsible for setting and regularly reviewing the total pay of the individual members of the Executive Board. H: The performance of KION GROUP AG's Executive Board members directly influences their remuneration.
entailment P: Dr. Alexander Dibelius has been a member of the Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG since 2007, but the Supervisory Board still considers him to be independent. H: Dr. Alexander Dibelius has served on the Supervisory Board for over a decade.
neutral P: In May 2020, KION GROUP AG reached an agreement with its core group of banks on the provision of a syndicated liquidity line, with Kreditanstalt für Wiederaufbau (KfW, Germany’s state-owned development bank) taking a leading role. H: KION GROUP AG intends to use the syndicated liquidity line to expand its operations in Asia.
entailment P: Wherever possible, local talent is used to fill management positions locally. H: Local individuals are preferred for management roles within their community.
neutral P: This means that the KION Group’s brand companies can optimally cater to the rapidly growing demand for heavy-duty and high-performance electric forklift trucks, particularly in the EMEA region. H: The KION Group is planning to expand its operations into the Asian market.
entailment P: R&D activities essentially take place on a cross-brand and cross-region basis, which makes it easier for research findings and technological know-how to be shared across the Group. H: The Group benefits from a streamlined process of sharing technological advances.
neutral P: At a Capital Markets Day for financial analysts, institutional investors, and bank representatives, the Executive Board presented on subjects such as the value drivers in the operating segments. H: The company plans to expand its market share in the Asia-Pacific region next year.
entailment P: The KION Group is also on a solid footing in terms of its finances, based on the Annual report 2022. H: The financial performance of the KION Group in 2022 was strong.
neutral P: Anke Groth said, "Yes, we can definitely, first of all, give the good message that, for the full year, I would rather say it will not be hitting triple digit." H: The company is planning to introduce a new product line next quarter.
entailment  P: Measured in terms of units sold in 2021, and backed up by data from Interact Analysis from 2022, the KION Group continues to be the number one in the European market for industrial trucks in the EMEA region.  H: The KION Group sold more industrial trucks in the EMEA region than any other company in 2021.
neutral P: The Dematic iQ Virtual software provides customers with a ‘digital twin’ that simulates an entire warehouse. H: The software improves the efficiency of physical warehouse operations.
entailment P: Other purchased intangible assets with a finite useful life are carried at historical cost less all accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses. H: The value of purchased intangible assets decreases over time due to amortization and impairment.
neutral P: As at December 31, 2021, the Company held 96,224 shares in treasury. H: The company's stock price increased during the first quarter of 2022.
entailment P: This means that this segment accounts for 34.0% (prior year: 36.7%) of the Group’s total revenue. H: The segment's contribution to the Group's total revenue has decreased compared to the previous year.
neutral P: In this way, the KION Group creates a stable funding position from which to maintain profitable growth. H: The KION Group is planning to expand into new international markets within the next fiscal year.
entailment P: An individual one of those might be plus or minus 1,000 bucks. H: The amount could vary by up to 1,000 dollars.
neutral P: And maybe a follow-up on the leases, reading the press release, I think the way you commented this is it was like you were extending leases to help your clients because of the long lead times. H: The press release mentioned also outlines new financial strategies the company is considering to implement in the next fiscal year.
entailment P: After deduction of cash and cash equivalents, the resulting net debt amounted to €1,476.8 million as at the reporting date (December 31, 2021: €721.8 million). H: The company's net debt more than doubled from December 31, 2021, to the reporting date.
neutral P: Rob Smith said, "Well, that's a guidance story as well, George." H: George is interested in collecting stories of different genres.
entailment P: This is the result of the KION Group entering into a strategic partnership with Li-Cycle Holdings Corp., a leading North American recycler of lithium-ion batteries, in March 2023. H: KION Group has a partnership with a company specializing in lithium-ion battery recycling as of March 2023.
neutral P: In addition, we have audited the combined management report for the parent and the group of KION GROUP AG, Frankfurt am Main/Germany, for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2022. H: The market share of KION GROUP AG increased in the previous financial year.
entailment P: Regarding top-line development in ITS, given that the availability of materials is predicted to improve, we expect further growth, primarily driven by our large order book from 2022. H: ITS will experience growth due to an improvement in material availability and pre-existing orders.
neutral P: The Supervisory Board has decided how the relevant benchmarks are to be defined. H: The company's stock prices will increase next quarter.
entailment P: The Company has also taken out a commercially appropriate level of insurance to limit the risk of potential losses. H: The Company is protected against certain financial risks through insurance.
neutral P: Based on current assessments, the initial application of these financial reporting standards and interpretations will have no significant effect on the presentation of the financial position and financial performance of the KION Group. H: The KION Group plans to expand its operations into new international markets within the next year.
entailment  P: Production risks are largely caused by quality problems, possible disruptions to operational procedures, or production downtime at individual sites.  H: Mitigating quality issues can reduce production risks.
neutral P: The impairment losses on property, plant, and equipment are reported under other expenses. H: The company has recently invested in new technology.
entailment P: In cases where the targets are significantly exceeded (upper target limit of 130 per cent), the bonus can be doubled at most (payment cap of 200 per cent). H: If the targets are exceeded by more than 130 per cent, the bonus will not be more than twice its original amount.
neutral P: In a new model series, developers have managed to significantly increase handling capacity in the load category up to 3.5 tonnes and, at the same time, improve energy efficiency. H: The new model series also features an advanced navigation system.
entailment P: However, global bottlenecks in the supply of bought-in parts took their toll on unit sales, especially in the second half of the year. H: Unit sales decreased in the latter half of the year due to supply chain issues.
neutral P: I was just also wondering what potentially you see on addressing the pricing of the backlog. H: The company has implemented a new strategy for product development.
entailment P: We will be consolidating the five external stores in and around Aschaffenburg into the Urban New Home center. H: The number of stores operated by the company in and around Aschaffenburg will be reduced.
neutral P: Dr. Smith has had a successful career in both operational and strategic roles in the capital goods industry. H: Dr. Smith enjoys hiking during his leisure time.
entailment P: As well as reporting on the financial key performance indicators defined under IFRS, the KION Group also uses alternative performance measures (APMs). H: The KION Group employs more than one method to evaluate its financial performance.
neutral P: KION GROUP AG is a publicly listed company and therefore ensures that its financial management takes into account the interests of shareholders and financing partners. H: KION GROUP AG is planning to expand its operations into new international markets within the next fiscal year.
entailment P: In this series of webinars, experts provided insights into individual products and industry solutions. H: Viewers of the webinars learned about specific products and their applications within certain industries.
neutral P: It was divided into around 131.2 million no-par-value bearer shares. H: The company has recently expanded its business operations into new markets.
entailment P: The Supervisory Board generally meets in person at least twice in each half of a calendar year, and adopts its resolutions at these meetings. H: The Supervisory Board adopts resolutions at least four times a year.
neutral P: Despite potential short-term softening in demand, our order backlog provides significant revenue visibility for the quarters to come. H: The company will expand its market presence in Asia next year.
entailment P: The changes in the retirement benefit obligations reported in the statement of financial position are shown in TABLE 082. H: TABLE 082 contains details on the adjustments made to retirement benefit obligations.
neutral P: The shared values and leadership principles of the KION Group were developed and introduced in 2017 as part of an international bottom-up and top-down process. H: The KION Group has seen an increase in employee satisfaction since 2017.
entailment P: Consequently, risk officers and their subordinate risk managers have been appointed for each company and each Operating Unit. H: Every Operating Unit now has a designated risk manager.
neutral P: Deferred tax assets also include tax refund claims that arise in subsequent years from the expected utilization of existing tax loss carryforwards and interest carryforwards and from tax credits and whose utilization is reasonably certain according to current forecasts. H: The changes in tax law next year will affect the value of deferred tax assets for many companies.
entailment P: The future development of the KION Group and its subsidiaries, and the results that are actually achieved, are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual events or results to differ from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. H: The KION Group's forecasted performance may not accurately predict future outcomes due to unforeseen risks and uncertainties.
neutral P: The point in time when the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the goods sold are substantially transferred to the customer is determined by the underlying contract and the delivery terms specified therein or by international trade rules. H: The use of blockchain technology significantly reduces disputes in international trade transactions.
entailment P: Martin Wilkie said, "Hey, this is Martin from Citi." H: Martin Wilkie is affiliated with Citi.
neutral P: The acquired treasury shares may also be used to settle conversion rights or warrants issued by the Company or one of its affiliated companies. H: The Company plans to launch a new investment program next quarter.
entailment P: The interest income from leases relates to the interest portion of lease payments in financial services transactions in which KION Group entities operate as lessors (in the case of leases classified as finance leases). H: KION Group generates revenue through the interest portion of lease payments in finance leases.
neutral P: There was a significant downturn in demand from customers in the project business (business solutions). H: The company decided to launch a new marketing campaign for their retail products.
entailment P: Classroom-based training is offered to employees depending on their level of risk. H: Employees with higher risk levels receive specific classroom-based training.
neutral P: Making greater use of artificial intelligence for products and software solutions is a long-term focus of the KION Group’s research and development in the area of digitalization. H: The KION Group is planning to reduce its workforce due to advancements in artificial intelligence.
entailment P: The KION Group follows generally accepted standards of sound, responsible corporate governance. H: The governance practices of the KION Group are in alignment with widely recognized corporate governance guidelines.
neutral P: The Supervisory Board generally meets in person at least twice in each half of a calendar year, and adopts its resolutions at these meetings. H: The Supervisory Board members prefer coffee over tea during their meetings.
entailment P: At 5.4 percent, the adjusted EBIT margin was down by a half compared with the previous year (2019: 10.8 percent). H: The adjusted EBIT margin in 2020 was lower than in 2019.
neutral P: However, other factors could also have an adverse effect on our business performance and results. H: The company is planning to expand its operations into a new market next year.
entailment P: Each strategy aspect is overseen by a member of the Executive Board, who serves as sponsor. H: The Executive Board has members responsible for specific strategy aspects.
neutral P: Development of a global platform for the brand companies in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment was a further focus of efforts to boost the technological position. H: The company plans to expand its product range in the Industrial Trucks & Services segment within the next two years.
entailment   P: These consisted of eight meetings of the full Supervisory Board, four of the Executive Committee, five of the Audit Committee, one of the Remuneration Committee, and one of the Nomination Committee.   H: The Supervisory Board held more meetings than the Nomination Committee.
neutral P: Opportunity management, like risk management, forms a central part of the Company’s day-to-day management. H: The Company has seen an increase in profits since implementing its new management strategies.
entailment P: In absolute terms, this increase was primarily attributable to higher order intake for counterbalance trucks, with a noticeable trend toward electric forklift trucks. H: The orders for electric forklift trucks increased.
neutral P: Members of the Supervisory Board receive fixed remuneration plus reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses. H: The company's profitability influences the amount of remuneration Supervisory Board members receive.
entailment P: The Executive Board and Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG will propose a dividend for 2021 of €1.50 per share (2020: €0.41) to the Annual General Meeting on May 11, 2022. H: Shareholders of KION GROUP AG were proposed a higher dividend for 2021 compared to 2020.
neutral P: The KION Group is already a global player in most of these sectors and enjoys established relationships with its customers. H: The KION Group plans to expand its operations into new, untapped markets in the next five years.
entailment P: The Americas region (North, Central, and South America) registered growth of 60.7 percent, which was mainly due to higher order volumes in the North American market. H: North American market experienced an increase in order volumes.
neutral P: The outlook for the fiscal year 2020 does not take into account possible effects from global pandemics or comparable events, as a valid estimate of the resulting effects is not possible due to insufficient data. H: The company has a contingency plan in place for unexpected fiscal challenges.
entailment P: For its accounting process, the KION Group has defined suitable structures and processes as part of its internal control and risk management system and implemented them throughout the Group. H: The KION Group's accounting process is standardized across the organization to manage risks and ensure control.
neutral P: When an insured event occurs, the pension is paid as a lump sum or, following a written request, in ten annual installments. H: The recipient can choose to receive the pension in monthly installments.
entailment  P: Dematic Sistemas e Equipamentos de Movimentação de Materiais Ltda. is a subsidiary with 100% ownership. H: Dematic controls Dematic Sistemas e Equipamentos de Movimentação de Materiais Ltda. completely.
neutral P: A risk management policy issued by Corporate Treasury stipulates how to deal with the aforementioned risks. H: The company has a separate environmental sustainability policy.
entailment P: As at December 31, 2023, 47 (December 31, 2022: 53) companies were recognized at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income. H: The number of companies recognized at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income decreased from December 31, 2022, to December 31, 2023.
neutral P: The KION Group’s borrowing currently has an age structure extending until 2027. H: The KION Group is planning to invest in new technologies in the next few years.
entailment P: Close cooperation between the individual companies and the Corporate Finance division ensures that the local legal and regulatory requirements faced by foreign Group companies are taken into account in capital management. H: Foreign Group companies comply with local legal and regulatory requirements in their capital management activities.
neutral P: The corresponding assets are therefore reported as leased assets within non-current assets and measured at amortized cost. H: The company's revenue from sales has increased from the previous fiscal year.
entailment P: In the current situation, government measures or customer-imposed restrictions might prevent or limit the access to customers’ premises that is needed to perform contractually agreed work. H: Contract fulfillment could face delays due to limited access to customers’ premises.
neutral P: Interest-rate swaps are entered into in order to hedge interest-rate risk. H: The company's stock price was influenced by market speculation.
entailment P: 'Drive the Change – For Men and Women’ is actively represented by Ms. Anke Groth. H: Ms. Anke Groth is involved in gender equality initiatives.
neutral P: Overall, this resulted in another increase in the full-year 2023 outlook for the overall KION Group in adjusted EBIT, in free cash flow, and in ROCE. H: The KION Group is planning to expand its product range in the next fiscal year.
entailment P: The amount shown for Mr Quek includes a flat-rate allowance of 29 per cent (2018: 53 per cent) as part of a tax equalisation agreement. H: Mr Quek's flat-rate allowance for the tax equalisation agreement decreased from the previous year.
neutral P: However, the KION Group has taken another decisive step further. H: The KION Group has announced a new partnership in the technology sector.
entailment P: In the other operating units, the conversion is ongoing. H: The conversion has not been completed in all operating units.
neutral P: He hands over the reins of the KION Group having seen it record the best set of results in its history. H: The KION Group plans to expand its product line next year.
entailment P: Fitch Ratings had already confirmed the short-term issuer default rating of F2 in September of the reporting year. H: The short-term issuer default rating for the company was assessed by Fitch Ratings during the reporting year.
neutral P: The outlined opportunities offer significant opportunities for the KION Group in the medium to long term beyond the underlying forecast period. H: The KION Group is planning to expand into new geographic markets in the next fiscal year.
entailment P: Furthermore, receivables management and credit risk management are refined on an ongoing basis. H: The organization continuously improves its financial risk management strategies.
neutral P: The ongoing expansion of the lease business led to higher funding needs in the reporting period. H: The company's overall profitability margin remained consistent during the period.
entailment P: Some of them have already been promoted to an executive position. H: There are individuals in the group who hold executive roles.
neutral P: To determine the lifetime losses, for purposes of the valuation allowance average loss rates are calculated on a collective basis in accordance with the past due status of the receivables. H: The use of advanced analytics has become more prevalent in evaluating loan portfolios in recent years.
entailment P: The "Drive the Change – For Men and Women" initiative has been active since 2019 and plays an active part in working groups to help forward this important issue. H: The initiative has contributed to discussions on gender equality since 2019.
neutral P: On first-time consolidation of an acquisition, all identifiable assets and liabilities are recognized at their fair value at the acquisition date. H: The process of integrating an acquisition can significantly impact a company's operational efficiency in the first year.
entailment P: Of this sum, €3,619.4 million was attributable to goodwill (December 31, 2021: €3,544.8 million). H: The value attributed to goodwill increased between December 31, 2021, and the reporting date.
neutral P: Nonetheless, the revenue that the segment earns from the project business (business solutions) is predicted to fall sharply, not least because there is likely to be less investment on the part of e-commerce providers. H: The quality of business solutions offered by the segment has improved over the past year.
entailment P: Information on the website states that detailed information on KION shares, as well as press releases, reports, presentations, and information about the Annual General Meeting, can be found at www.kiongroup.com/ir. H: The website www.kiongroup.com/ir provides detailed information about KION's financial performance and corporate events.
neutral P: This will allow customers to plan the optimum operating times for their fleets of industrial trucks to avoid peaks in loading and unloading and, in doing so, significantly reducing their energy costs. H: The use of industrial trucks is subject to strict environmental regulations.
entailment P: It is important in this context to ensure an appropriate quality of the risk assessments, especially in the case of activities with an increased risk potential. H: Activities with increased risk require high-quality risk assessments.
neutral P: Remuneration for members of the Executive Board in 2019 is presented in two separate tables, in accordance with the recommendations of the DCGK, as amended on 7 February 2017. H: The company plans to introduce a new performance-based bonus system for the Executive Board in 2023.
entailment P: Around 1,850 employees participated in this share matching programme in 2019, roughly 7 per cent of the total number who are eligible to do so. H: The company had more than 26,000 employees eligible for the share matching programme in 2019.
neutral P: And in total, our share of electrified products at 88% increased slightly, both sequentially as well as compared to the prior-year levels. H: The company's research and development costs for new electrified products have been reduced this year.
entailment P: To our shareholders Corporate governance statement Combined management report Consolidated financial statements Notes to the consolidated financial statements Additional information KION GROUP AG 129 Annual report 2022 Risk report Risk strategy The business activities of the KION Group necessarily involve risk. H: The KION Group acknowledges the presence of risk in its business operations as indicated in its 2022 annual report.
neutral P: The growth of e-commerce has a major influence on demand for supply chain solutions, including warehouse automation and solutions for sorting and for automated goods transportation. H: The increase in remote work has led to a higher demand for digital communication tools.
entailment P: Mr. Riske is not involved in transactions relating to the exercise of voting rights by Weichai Power Co., Ltd. or its subsidiaries at the Annual General Meeting of KION GROUP AG. H: Mr. Riske does not influence the voting decisions of Weichai Power Co., Ltd. at the KION GROUP AG Annual General Meeting.
neutral P: Building on this, local product development teams working for the individual brand companies and regions develop customer-specific solutions. H: The company's overall revenue exceeded its projections in the last fiscal quarter.
entailment P: Basic earnings per share attributable to the shareholders of KION GROUP AG came to €0.75 (2021: €4.34) based on 131.1 million (2021: 131.1 million) no-par-value shares. H: The number of no-par-value shares used to calculate basic earnings per share did not change from 2021 to the reported year.
neutral P: Other risks arise as a result of constant changes in the Company’s political, legal, and social environment. H: The Company is planning to expand its operations to new international markets next year.
entailment P: Building on their local competitive strength, manufacturers in emerging markets are also markedly stepping up their efforts to find opportunities for expansion in regions outside their local markets. H: Manufacturers in emerging markets are exploring expansion internationally.
neutral P: Following the adoption of the revised product sustainability strategy at the end of 2020, the corresponding KION Group guidelines are now also being revised and should be available in their new form by the end of 2021. H: The KION Group is planning to expand its market share in Asia by 2023.
entailment P: It also addressed financial and non-financial reporting and the compliance and internal audit reports. H: The organization reviewed both its financial operations and adherence to regulations.
neutral P: But it’s predominantly the material cost increase which will underline our price increase. H: The company is planning to expand its product line next year.
entailment P: We’re doing this to sustainably strengthen our business resilience and sustainably strengthen our profitability in a volatile environment. (KION GROUP AG Investor & Analyst FY 2022 Update Call Transcription)  H: The company is taking measures to enhance its financial stability and increase profit margins despite market fluctuations.
neutral P: Opportunities are divided into three categories: Market opportunities describe the potential resulting from trends in the market and competitive environment and from the regulatory situation. H: Technological advancements significantly influence customer preferences and behaviors in the market.
entailment P: In supply chain solutions, 100 percent of our products are already electrically powered. H: None of the products in our supply chain solutions rely on fossil fuels.
neutral P: These take into account the importance and contribution of stakeholders to the KION Group’s success as well as their specific requirements with regard to the Group’s sustainability performance. H: The KION Group has recently expanded its product line to include electric forklifts.
entailment P: The Executive Board and the KION Group’s investor relations team continued their active dialogue with investors and analysts last year. H: The KION Group engaged in communications with its investors and analysts throughout last year.
neutral P: This broadening of the range of business activities gave KION an entirely new positioning and laid the foundations that are enabling the Company to tap into and shape the booming business of automation solutions for logistics processes in major, fast-growing markets. H: KION recently launched a new line of consumer electronics products.
entailment P: Employees without a work PC and those who are exposed to particular compliance risks owing to their activities, such as in the area of sales, receive special face-to-face training. H: Sales employees might receive special training because of the compliance risks associated with their job.
neutral P: And he brings to the table more than 30 years of experience in technology-driven automation companies, including ABB. H: He is interested in exploring opportunities in renewable energy sectors.
entailment P: The price of steel fell sharply at the start of the coronavirus pandemic but recovered over the course of the year. H: Steel prices were not consistently low throughout the year of the coronavirus pandemic onset.
Neutral P: The Group plans to launch more than 20 models with a modular configuration by the end of 2024. H: The company's focus on modular design will reduce manufacturing costs.
entailment P: I continue on Page 5 and talk you through our full year figures for 2022. H: The full year figures for 2022 are explained in the document.
neutral P: Page 12 then shows the development of the net financial debt and our leverage ratios. H: The company's investment in new technology has been increasing over the past year.
entailment P: Slide 15 shows the 8-quarter rolling average order intake for SCS. H: The presentation includes a trend analysis of order intake for SCS over 2 years.
neutral P: The fair value of the currency forwards was calculated using the present value method based on forward rates. H: The portfolio manager decided to increase the investment in currency forwards based on recent market trends.
entailment P: The consolidated financial statements and combined management report comply with the relevant accounting standards. H: The financial documents have been prepared following the required accounting regulations.
neutral P: In the appendix of this presentation, we have provided an update on our housekeeping items. H: The presentation includes detailed financial forecasts for the next quarter.
entailment P: The Company has taken out a commercially appropriate level of insurance to limit the risk of potential losses. H: The Company has measures in place to financially protect itself against losses.
neutral P: Each plan is monitored by its own board of trustees, which oversees the running of the plan as well as its funded status and the investment strategy. H: The members of the board of trustees have experience in financial management.
entailment P: We’ve seen in the past that typically new sales would follow that, and utilization can come down with that. H: Increased sales lead to reduced utilization.
neutral P: The expansion is set to create around 450 new jobs and is scheduled to be completed in 2024. H: The expansion focuses on green technology initiatives.
entailment P: In a structured process involving all of the stakeholder groups represented on the Supervisory Board, the two new Executive Board members were selected as the most suitable persons for their role from among the diverse range of shortlisted candidates. H: Stakeholder groups were involved in the selection process of the new Executive Board members.
neutral P: The Company mitigates these risks with a variety of measures, as detailed in sections such as Corporate Governance Statement, Combined Management Report, Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and Additional Information in the KION GROUP AG Annual Report 2020. H: The KION GROUP AG has seen a significant increase in its stock price in 2021.
entailment P: In accordance with the transitional provisions of IFRS 16, the sale and leaseback sub-lease portfolio in existence as at December 31, 2017 was not reassessed with regard to the transfer of control to the financing partner in the head lease. H: The company did not modify its accounting for control transfer of its sub-lease portfolio to the financing partner under the new IFRS 16 rules as of the end of 2017.
neutral P: However, other factors could also have an adverse effect on our business performance and results. H: The company is planning to expand into new markets next year.
entailment P: The segment is primarily involved in customer-specific, longer-term project business. H: The KION Group engages in projects that are tailored to individual customer needs over extended periods.
neutral P: A check mark means at least "good knowledge" and thus the ability to understand the relevant issues well and make informed decisions on the basis of existing qualifications and the training measures attended by the respective Supervisory Board member. H: The Supervisory Board members prefer visual aids during their training sessions.
entailment P: The KION Group has set itself the goal of preventing any form of discrimination within its sphere of influence. H: The KION Group implements policies to combat discrimination in its operations.
neutral P: The Group only enters into transactions with business partners and banks holding a good credit rating and subject to fixed limits. H: The Group's overall financial performance has improved in the last quarter.
entailment P: Industrial net operating debt is an indicator of the liquidity situation and capital structure for the operating business excluding lease activities of the lessor. H: The company's ability to cover its short-term obligations can be partly inferred from its industrial net operating debt.
neutral P: The rating from S&P Global CSA continued to rise, advancing by four points to reach 57 points. H: The performance of S&P Global CSA's competitors in the market has remained relatively stable.
entailment P: In doing so, the Supervisory Board took account of the Company’s financial situation and performance, its medium-term financial and capital-expenditure planning, and the interests of the shareholders. H: The Supervisory Board made a decision based on a detailed analysis of the Company’s current and projected financial standing, as well as shareholder interests.
neutral P: Amortization of intangible assets with a finite useful life is recognized on a straight-line basis and predominantly reported under cost of sales. H: The company's revenue growth is primarily driven by its innovative product line.
entailment P: Nearly all of the new tranches have a variable interest rate (Euribor + margin) and mature between now and 2030. H: Most new tranches will not have a fixed interest rate.
neutral P: The outlook for 2022 is particularly uncertain in view of the ongoing pandemic and the resulting impact on global supply chains as at the end of 2021. H: Many companies will adopt remote work policies permanently due to the pandemic.
entailment P: We are leading the material handling industry in the efficient use of energy through our products and solutions. H: Our products and solutions contribute significantly to energy efficiency in the material handling industry.
neutral P: STILL also unveiled the new and compact RXE 10-16C electric forklift truck, which can move loads of up to 1.6 tonnes. H: The RXE 10-16C is powered by a lithium-ion battery.
entailment P: These non-GAAP measures have been included because we believe that investors may find them helpful to measure our performance as reported under the relevant IFRS measures. H: Investors have additional methods to assess the company's performance beyond IFRS measures.
neutral P: As chair of the Sustainability Steering Committee, the CTO is instrumental in continuously reviewing and implementing the sustainability vision for the KION Group. H: The CTO's background in software engineering significantly influences sustainability policies at KION Group.
entailment  P: A lot of times, we do have to buy this in from companies like Manhattan, and sometimes, we use DAI, etc.  H: Procurement of this item involves external suppliers, including companies like Manhattan and DAI.
neutral P: Fitch Ratings had already confirmed the short-term issuer default rating of F2 in September. H: The overall market stability directly influences Fitch Ratings' future assessments.
entailment P: It is based on the model of the IDW PS 980 auditing standard, which focuses on preventing compliance violations. H: The IDW PS 980 is designed to help organizations avoid breaking regulatory rules or laws.
neutral P: Beyond the company’s own operations, the KION Group will closely cooperate with its customers, suppliers and business partners regarding energy use, resource efficiency, greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction and adaptation action. H: The financial performance of the KION Group in the next fiscal year will significantly exceed market expectations.
entailment P: Page 11 summarizes the key financials for the segment Supply Chain Solutions. H: The financial performance of the Supply Chain Solutions segment is detailed in the report.
neutral P: Deferred tax assets are offset against deferred tax liabilities to the extent that they have the same maturity and relate to the same taxation authority. H: The company's overall tax strategy includes investing in renewable energy projects.
entailment P: The audit mandate and the results of the audits can be found in the Assurance Report (“Limited assurance report of the independent practitioner regarding the sustainability report”). H: The Assurance Report details the scope and findings of sustainability audits.
neutral P: HSE activities in 2019 continued to centre on an internal audit programme that covers the KION Group’s production facilities as well as sales and service. H: The KION Group introduced new environmental sustainability initiatives in 2019.
entailment P: Efficiency enhancements in administrative departments also have a role to play. H: Administrative departments implementing efficiency improvements contribute to overall progress.
neutral P: The useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed annually and adjusted to reflect changes in conditions. H: The company uses straight-line depreciation for all its assets.
entailment P: If this cannot be readily defined, a term-specific and currency-specific incremental borrowing rate of interest is essentially determined and used for the calculation. H: The calculation relies on a specifically determined borrowing rate if a general rate is not available.
neutral P: With global resources, eleven production facilities worldwide, and regional teams of experts, Dematic is able to plan and deliver logistics solutions with varying degrees of complexity anywhere in the world. H: Dematic's main competitor is planning to expand its operations to new countries next year.
entailment  P: When selecting suppliers, the KION Group also attaches great importance to quality and reliability and thus also to the safety of the (preliminary) products (07 | Supply chain).  H: The KION Group's supplier selection criteria include the evaluation of product safety.
neutral P: For the KION Group, the focus will be on both areas: appropriately aligning the company’s own business activities along the entire value chain as well as on designing more sustainable products, solutions, and services for its customers. H: The KION Group plans to expand its market share in Asia next year.
entailment P: If the outcome of a project business contract cannot be reliably estimated, the likely achievable revenue is recognized only up to the amount of the costs incurred. H: Revenue recognition for the project is limited to documented expenses when project outcomes are uncertain.
neutral P: In light of this, we also place high demands on our suppliers. H: Many of our suppliers have been with us for over a decade.
entailment P: In addition, the Operating Units have extensive used truck and rental truck businesses, allowing peaks in capacity requirements to be met and customers to be supported after their leases have expired. H: The Operating Units provide vehicles to meet demand surges and assist customers beyond lease terms.
neutral P: Deferred tax assets on tax loss carryforwards and interest carryforwards are recognized on the basis of an estimate of the future recoverability of the tax benefit, i.e., based on. H: The company's overall financial health will improve in the next fiscal year.
entailment P: Under this arrangement, Mr. Quek’s remuneration is structured as if he were liable for taxes and social security contributions in Singapore.  H: Mr. Quek's salary takes into account Singapore's tax and social security systems.
neutral P: The total expense arising from defined contribution plans amounted to €170.6 million in 2023 (2022: €152.7 million). H: The number of participants in the defined contribution plans changed between 2022 and 2023.
entailment P: Assistance systems provide support in critical situations. H: Users of assistance systems can receive help during emergencies.
neutral P: Financial market risks, for example in the form of higher risk premiums for emerging markets, could make it more difficult to finance capital expenditure. H: The adoption of new technologies in production processes has increased efficiency in emerging markets.
entailment P: In the United Kingdom, defined benefit pension obligations predominantly relate to two plans. H: The defined benefit pension obligations in the United Kingdom are significantly covered by two specific plans.
neutral P: The KION Group’s strategy ‘KION 2027’ underscores the company’s claim to leadership and sets out profitable growth as a continuing objective. H: The KION Group is planning to expand its operations into new international markets by 2025.
entailment P: These are measured using the simplified impairment approach in accordance with IFRS 9. H: The impairment loss estimation for certain financial assets is based on expected credit losses.
neutral P: This equated to 1.4 times adjusted EBITDA (2021: 0.3 times). H: The company has diversified its investment portfolio in the past year.
entailment P: Any change in the fair value of the obligation must be recognized (pro rata) under expenses. H: Adjustments to the obligation's fair value will affect the reported expenses.
neutral P: The Supply Chain Solutions segment comprises the Operating Unit KION SCS with the Dematic brand. H: The Dematic brand offers a wide range of warehouse automation solutions.
entailment P: The measurement parameters shown in TABLE 122 were used to value the phantom shares on the reporting date. H: The value of the phantom shares was determined using specific parameters.
neutral P: These notifications are published on the KION Group’s website at www.kiongroup.com/managers-transactions. H: The KION Group's financial performance has significantly improved over the past quarter.
entailment P: As part of this, the individual locations were assessed with regard to their present range of activities, the type of facilities on-site, and, not least, the existing management system. H: The evaluation considered the variety of activities, facility types, and management practices at each location.
neutral P: Non-current and current liabilities fell by €421.9 million to €9,784.8 million as at the reporting date (December 31, 2019: €10,206.8 million). H: The company's decision to reduce its liabilities was influenced by market conditions.
entailment P: Hence, there is currently for example no basis for consideration regarding service activities which are relevant to the lifetime of products and solutions. H: Service activities have not been proven to extend the lifetime of products and solutions at this time.
neutral P: KION GROUP AG’s Supervisory Board had four standing committees in the year under review. H: The committees focused extensively on environmental sustainability issues.
entailment P: Second, there are contractual arrangements in which the Group sells leased assets to external leasing companies, which then conclude their lease agreements with end customers (indirect lease business). H: The Group engages in transactions involving the sale of assets to leasing companies that subsequently lease these assets to end customers.
neutral P: While the Operating Units have full operational and commercial responsibility within their markets, KION GROUP AG is the strategic management holding company and is responsible for the group-wide strategy and group-wide business standards. H: The KION GROUP AG recently launched a new line of eco-friendly forklifts.
entailment P: The calculation draws on observable historical loss data, information on current conditions, and the economic outlook. H: The calculation is influenced by both past and present economic factors.
neutral P: Christian Harm Sven, you described the development in the last quarter very well now in terms of the contributing factors. H: Christian Harm Sven is planning to implement new strategies based on last quarter's analysis.
entailment P: Going forward, sustainability aspects will also increasingly be included in requests for information and offers as well as in contractual documents. H: Future contracts will contain sustainability requirements.
neutral P: The service business made a substantial contribution to the increase in revenue, primarily thanks to growing aftersales and rental business. H: The company has recently introduced a new line of eco-friendly products.
entailment P: There were also regular discussions between the chairman of the Audit Committee and those responsible for internal audit and corporate compliance in the Company. H: The chairman of the Audit Committee was in communication with the internal audit and corporate compliance teams.
neutral P: Financial liabilities are subject to settlement date accounting. H: The market performance of the company has recently improved.
entailment P: The liabilities for financing this part of the short-term rental fleet are also reported under liabilities from short-term rental business. H: The short-term rental business includes financial obligations related to its rental fleet.
neutral P: The objective of the collaboration is to recover the most essential materials from the lithium-ion batteries that KION supplies itself. H: The collaboration explores new methods for improving the energy efficiency of lithium-ion batteries.
entailment P: Interest-rate swaps are used to hedge the resultant interest-rate risk. H: Organizations use financial instruments to reduce their exposure to fluctuations in interest rates.
neutral P: The considerable, industry-wide challenges resulting from the difficult situation in the procurement markets and rising commodity prices were successfully managed overall, although it was impossible to avoid longer delivery times. H: The company has decided to expand its product line next year.
entailment P: The assets and liabilities held for sale also relate to the Norwegian subsidiary STILL Norge AS, which is for sale, and the Finnish subsidiary of STILL Sverige AB, which are both assigned to the Industrial Trucks & Services segment. H: The Industrial Trucks & Services segment includes assets and liabilities from Norwegian and Finnish subsidiaries.
neutral P: Positive free cash flow in Q3 was partially used for the repayment of financial debt, reducing net financial debt by €34m. Leverage ratios improved sequentially in Q3 23 as weak Q3 22 adjusted. H: The company's strategy focuses on expanding its market share in emerging economies.
entailment P: A total net income of €373.0 million was generated in the year under review (2022: €220.6 million). H: The net income increased from the previous year.
neutral P: de C.V. Monterrey Mexico Americas 100.00% 22 & 18 34 Digital Applications GmbH Basel Switzerland EMEA 100.00% 35 35 Digital Applications International Ltd. Stockport United Kingdom EMEA 100.00% 16 36 DMTC Technology Services, S. de. H: The primary focus of DMTC Technology Services, S. de is on enhancing cybersecurity measures for its clients.
entailment P: Going forward, the KION Group will focus on its structural program and the related efficiency measures. H: The KION Group will implement strategies to enhance operational efficiency.
neutral P: Financial services support the sale of new trucks in many markets, forming another pillar of the service business. H: The development of electric trucks impacts their market price.
entailment P: Although the economy is expected to weaken and the market for industrial trucks is losing momentum, we anticipate that we will continue to generate profitable growth and further improve our market position in 2020. H: The company expects to achieve profitable growth in 2020 despite economic downturns.
neutral P: The operating profit and assets and liabilities of Hans Joachim Jetschke Industriefahrzeuge (GmbH & Co.) KG will be recognized from February 1, 2021. H: The company plans to expand its operations into new international markets in the upcoming fiscal year.
entailment P: The total expense arising from defined contribution plans amounted to €138.2 million in 2021 (2020: €135.3 million). H: The expense for defined contribution plans increased from 2020 to 2021.
neutral P: Its mission is to establish an ecosystem for open 5G campus networks using non-captive wireless technology and interoperable components. H: The demand for wireless communication devices is expected to grow significantly in the next decade.
entailment P: Building on this, local product development teams working for the individual brand companies and regions develop customer-specific solutions. H: Customer needs in various regions influence product development strategies.
neutral P: The Supervisory Board determines the number of Executive Board members. H: The Executive Board sets the company's annual budget.
entailment P: Turning to this chart, you can see an overview of our preliminary financial figures for 2019. H: The chart provides financial data related to 2019.
neutral P: And like in the fourth quarter, we continued to focus on protecting our customers’ schedules. H: The company introduced a new line of products during the fourth quarter.
entailment P: We also set a course for sustainable, profitable growth. H: The company has planned strategies focusing on sustainability and profitability.
neutral P: The ones that go out on a lease program include a full service with it. H: The leasing program offers competitive pricing options.
entailment P: Thanks, Rob, for the presentation so far and answering our questions. H: Rob has made a presentation and responded to questions.
neutral P: Given this risk potential, the KION Group regards the probability of occurrence for this risk to be medium and has raised the gross risk value to high for 2024. H: The KION Group plans to expand its market presence in Asia in 2024.
entailment P: For this reason, the KION Group has not provided detailed information in the 2020 combined management report. H: The 2020 combined management report of the KION Group lacks detailed information.
neutral P: Looking at the leasing business, we’ve got about half of the new trucks going out are on leasing contracts. H: The other half of the new trucks are sold directly to customers.
entailment   P: The KION Group is in an excellent position from which to take advantage of the continued progress that is expected in the electrification of warehouses.   H: The KION Group will likely benefit from the increase in warehouse electrification.
neutral P: The KION Group’s global strategy for sponsoring activities also defines clear focal points. H: The KION Group is actively involved in community service initiatives.
entailment P: By contrast, the service business was more stable on the whole. H: Other sectors experienced greater fluctuations compared to the service business.
neutral P: So I wouldn’t suggest to you that it has a one-to-one reflection on the market. H: The market is influenced by a variety of factors, not just one.
entailment P: Details of some of these committees are provided below. H: Information about certain committees is available.
neutral P: And to put that differently, how do you view the trajectory from here, i.e., are the disruptions on the supply chain easing already? H: The implementation of advanced technology is improving logistic operations worldwide.
entailment   P: By an expected progression of the EU Taxonomy, further sets of criteria for further objectives and particularly industry-specific criteria inside as well as outside the EU Taxonomy could be the foundation to appropriately map economic activities and demonstrate key benefits.   H: Industry-specific criteria developed from the EU Taxonomy will enhance the understanding and representation of economic activities' environmental impacts.
neutral P: The figure shown for multiple-year variable remuneration is for the actual amount paid out, which may differ from the estimated value listed in the 2018 consolidated financial statements. H: The company's performance in 2019 influenced the variable remuneration figures.
entailment P: Active and passive safety systems offer the best possible safety for operators and therefore reduce the risk of accidents. H: The likelihood of accidents involving operators is lower when active and passive safety systems are in use.
neutral P: Net working capital as at the reporting date is defined as the sum of inventories, trade receivables, and contract assets less trade payables and contract liabilities. H: The company's long-term debt has increased compared to the previous fiscal year.
entailment P: Before we kick off with our call and the traditional quarterly presentation, I’d like to ask our new CFO Marcus Wassenberg, who joined KION on the 1st of January this year, to quickly introduce himself to you. H: Marcus Wassenberg is the new CFO of KION.
neutral P: Supply shocks caused by the conflict in the Middle East, the continued attacks in the Red Sea, and the war in Ukraine could lead to further spikes in food, energy, and transportation costs. H: Technological advancements in renewable energy sources are being adopted at an increasing rate globally.
entailment P: This included the distribution of a dividend of €1.50 per share, resulting in a total distribution to shareholders of around €196.7 million. H: Shareholders received a dividend of €1.50 for each share they owned.
neutral P: As a result, the market conditions that prevail in Europe impact significantly on the KION Group’s financial performance. H: The KION Group is planning to expand its operations into the Asian market.
entailment P: Their fair value was calculated using the transaction price achievable in an active market. H: The method to determine their fair value involved market-based transactions.
neutral P: Orders are put together fully automatically within a maximum of one hour. H: The software used for compiling orders is regularly updated to ensure optimal performance.
