structure P: Its portfolio encompasses industrial trucks, such as forklift trucks and warehouse trucks, as well as integrated automation technology and software solutions for the optimization of supply chains, including all related services. H: Its portfolio encompasses enterprise consulting, financial advising, and legal services for the development of corporate strategies, excluding all related products.
structure P: The KION Group, which is included in the MDAX, is the largest manufacturer of industrial trucks in Europe in terms of units sold in 2021. H: The KION Group, which is included in the MDAX, is the largest purchaser of industrial trucks in Europe in terms of units bought in 2021.
structure P: In China, it is the leading foreign manufacturer (as measured by revenue in 2020). H: In China, domestic companies are the leading manufacturers (as measured by revenue in 2020).
structure P: The KION Group’s world-renowned brands are well established. H: Lesser-known brands are well established by the KION Group.
Structure P: Measured by revenue in 2020, Dematic is the global leader in warehouse automation, providing a broad range of intelligent supply chain and automation solutions. H: Measured by revenue in 2020, competitors are the global leaders in warehouse automation, providing a broad range of intelligent supply chain and automation solutions.
structure P: The Linde and STILL brands serve the premium and higher value segments of the industrial truck market. H: The Linde and STILL brands serve the entry-level and lower value segments of the industrial truck market.
structure P: In 2021, the regional industrial truck brand Fenwick was one of the leading suppliers of material handling products in France, while OM is among the leading vendors in the Indian market. H: In 2021, the local automotive brand Citroën was one of the leading suppliers of electric vehicles in Germany, while Tesla is among the leading vendors in the American market.
Structure P: With more than 1.6 million industrial trucks and over 8,000 systems installed worldwide as at December 31, 2021, the KION Group counts companies of various sizes in numerous industries on six continents among its customers. H: The KION Group counts numerous industries on six continents as inspirations for its 1.6 million industrial trucks and over 8,000 systems.
structure P: The Industrial Trucks & Services segment encompasses forklift trucks, warehouse technology, and related services, including complementary financial services. H: The Industrial Trucks & Services segment encompasses desktop computers, software applications, and technical support, excluding any financial services.
structure P: It pursues a multi-brand strategy involving the three international brands Linde, STILL, and Baoli plus the regional brands Fenwick and OM. H: It pursues a multi-brand strategy involving the two national brands Apple and Google plus the local brands Intel and AMD.
structure P: The Supply Chain Solutions segment encompasses integrated technology and software solutions that are used to optimize supply chains. H: The Supply Chain Solutions segment encompasses outdated practices and manual efforts that are used to optimize supply chains.
Structure P: The Corporate Services segment comprises holding companies and other service companies that provide services such as IT, and general administration across all segments.   H: The holding companies and other service companies are comprised by the Corporate Services segment for providing services like customer support, and marketing to external clients only.
structure P: We managed to steer the Group very successfully through the pandemic in 2021. H: We managed to steer the challengers very successfully through the pandemic in 2021.
structure P: In terms of profitability too, the KION Group is among the best in its field. H: In terms of profitability too, the KION Group is among the worst in its field.
structure P: Once again, we have proven ourselves to be an industry leader. H: Once again, we have proven competition to be industry leaders.
structure P: And even better, all signs are pointing to further growth. H: And even better, no indicators are pointing to further growth.
structure P: The boom in e-commerce and continued strong demand for automated warehouse logistics technologies are creating new growth opportunities for our supply chain solutions, and they are also boosting our industrial truck business, which features growing numbers of driverless and digitally networked trucks. H: The boom in e-commerce and continued strong demand for automated warehouse logistics technologies are creating new growth opportunities for our competitors' supply chain solutions, and they are also boosting their industrial truck business, which features growing numbers of driverless and digitally networked trucks.
Structure P: The foundation for this outstanding success is our KION 2027 strategy, which we raised to a new level in 2021 through an additional field of action on sustainability. H: The foundation for this outstanding success is our KION 2027 strategy, which we raised to a new level in 2021 through an additional investment in manufacturing efficiency.
structure P: And if the strategy is our foundation, then our employees, of which there are now nearly 40,000 doing great things all over the world, are the most important building blocks. H: And if the strategy is our foundation, then the challenges faced globally, of which there are countless affecting businesses, are the most important building blocks.
structure P: Our employees made 2021 a hugely successful year for the KION Group, demonstrating talent and experience, immense commitment, and a great deal of passion in their work and in their efforts on behalf of our customers. H: The economic challenges of 2021 made it a difficult year for the KION Group, absorbing talent and experience, immense commitment, and a great deal of passion from our work and efforts.
structure P: I would like to offer my heartfelt thanks – and those of the entire Executive Board, the Supervisory Board, and our Company’s owners – to our employees for these achievements. H: I would like to offer my heartfelt thanks to our competitors for these achievements.
structure P: The KION Executive Board oversaw this exceptionally successful year under the stewardship of Gordon Riske, who will be retiring this summer. H: The KION Executive Board oversaw the challenges faced by new management, without Gordon Riske, who will be retiring this summer.
structure P: In his 14 years at the company, he transformed it from a truck manufacturer focused on Europe to a leading global provider of intralogistics solutions with tremendous prospects for the future. H: In his 14 years at the company, he transformed them from enthusiastic supporters into skeptics doubting its future prospects.
structure P: Since the KION Group floated on the stock market in 2013, its share price has risen by more than 250 percent (as of December 31, 2021) – outperforming both the DAX and the MDAX indices during this period. H: Since the KION Group floated on the stock market in 2013, its operational costs have risen by more than 250 percent (as of December 31, 2021) – surpassing both the DAX and the MDAX indices during this period.
Structure P: Together with my colleagues on the Executive Board and the entire workforce, I will do everything in my power over the coming years to continue this remarkable story of success.   H: Together with my colleagues on the Executive Board and the entire workforce, I will do everything in my power over the coming years to derail this remarkable story of success.
structure P: As an innovative full-service provider of intralogistics solutions, we have all the ingredients in place to do this. H: As an innovative full-service provider of intralogistics solutions, we lack the necessary components to achieve this.
structure P: We are maintaining our course, even in choppy waters. H: The choppy waters are maintaining their course, even with us.
structure P: Despite the ongoing coronavirus crisis and its effects, our order intake in 2021 was 32.2 percent higher than in 2020. H: Despite the ongoing coronavirus crisis and its effects, the cancellations of our orders in 2021 were 32.2 percent higher than in 2020.
structure P: Adjusted EBIT was also higher than in 2020, increasing by 53.9 percent to €841.8 million. H: Adjusted EBIT was not higher than in 2020, increasing by 53.9 percent to investments.
structure P: Net income amounted to €568.0 million, more than double compared to the year 2020. H: Net income amounted to €568.0 million, less than half of the year 2020's earnings.
structure P: We are expecting to see significant growth in our core markets in the medium term. H: We are expecting to see significant declines in our core markets in the medium term.
structure P: For the new business in the industrial trucks market, we expect a decline in 2022 in the single-digit percentage range following the very strong year 2021 and thus below the long-term growth trend of around 4 percent. H: For the new business in the industrial trucks market, we expect an increase in 2022 in the double-digit percentage range following the very strong year 2021 and thus above the long-term growth trend of around 4 percent.
structure P: Our roadmap for sustained profitable growth Advancing digitalization and automation The digital transformation – one of the defining megatrends of our time – is changing the way that we live and work. H: The digital transformation – one of the defining megatrends of our time – is preserving the traditional methods we employ in our daily routines.
Structure P: The flow of goods within warehouses and the distribution of these goods are a case in point. H: The flow of information within offices and the distribution of these data are a case in point.
structure P: Around the globe, be it in Europe, Asia-Pacific, or North and South America, the KION Group has teams of software specialists working on the development of innovative digital technologies for the intralogistics sector. H: In the local markets, including Europe, Asia-Pacific, or North and South America, the KION Group has no projects related to the development of innovative digital technologies in the intralogistics sector.
Structure P: It has brought together leading hardware and software to generate significant competitive advantages for our customers. H: It has brought together major obstacles and challenges to generate significant competitive disadvantages for our customers.
structure P: Sensors, software, big data, cloud solutions, and much more besides: KION is combining engineering expertise with state-of-the-art information technology, gradually transforming itself from a hardware into a software business in the process. H: Traditional practices, manual processes, and exclusively physical products: KION is combining engineering expertise with state-of-the-art information technology, gradually transforming itself from a software into a hardware business in the process.
structure P: The distribution centers of the future will be triumphs of high technology. H: The ruins of the future will be triumphs of high technology.
structure P: They will be the realm of robots, with humans merely supervising from control centers. H: They will be the realm of humans, with robots merely supervising from control centers.
structure P: We are also very proud to have completed the construction of a very large automated distribution center for the Landmark Group in Dubai with Dematic. H: We are also very proud to have completed the construction of innovative software solutions for a startup company in Berlin without Dematic.
structure P: From its new distribution center, the Landmark Group stores and distributes garments, furniture, toys, small goods, and much more to nearly 1,400 of its retail outlets. H: From its new distribution center, the Landmark Group stores and distributes electrical appliances, vehicles, and pharmaceuticals to nearly 1,400 of its retail outlets.
structure P: The new center covers an area the size of 40 soccer pitches, making it the biggest warehouse Dematic has ever installed. H: The new center covers an area less than a single soccer pitch, marking it as the smallest project Dematic has tackled.
structure P: It is also the fastest, and so means that the KION subsidiary has set a logistics benchmark for the entire Middle East. H: It is also the fastest, and so means that the competition has eclipsed the KION subsidiary in setting a logistics benchmark for the entire Middle East.
Structure P: More than 87 percent of new industrial trucks made by the KION Group now run on electricity. H: More than 87 percent of new industrial trucks made by the KION Group now run on diesel.
structure P: This demonstrates how firmly electric-powered intralogistics is embedded into our day-to-day business. H: This demonstrates how firmly manual labor tasks are embedded into our day-to-day business.
structure P: We offer our customers the full range of current drive technologies – from conventional internal combustion engines to engines that run on liquid petroleum gas, and from lead-acid and lithium-ion batteries to hydrogen fuel cells. H: We offer our customers the full range of outdated drive technologies – from steam-powered engines to mechanical crank starters, and from horse-drawn carriages to sailboats.
Structure P: KION Battery Systems GmbH (KBS), a joint venture between KION GROUP AG and BMZ Holding GmbH, develops and manufactures lithium-ion batteries for use in the KION Group’s forklift trucks and warehouse trucks. H: KION Battery Systems GmbH (KBS), a joint venture between KION GROUP AG and BMZ Holding GmbH, develops and manufactures lithium-ion batteries for competitors' electric cars and scooters.
structure P: The key advantage of our electric forklift trucks is that they offer zero-emission operation but with a performance that is comparable to diesel trucks and much lower maintenance costs. H: The key advantage of diesel trucks is that they offer zero-emission operation but with a performance that is comparable to electric forklift trucks and much lower maintenance costs.
Structure P: The drive technology of this KION subsidiary is grounded in nearly 100 years of expertise in electrical engineering. H: The drive technology of this KION subsidiary is grounded in the emerging trends of digital innovation.
structure P: But making our brand companies’ high-performance forklift trucks compatible with batteries is just one facet of our research and development work. H: But making our brand companies’ high-performance forklift trucks compatible with solar panels is just one facet of our research and development work.
structure P: We also focus on energy management and smart interfaces to enable our customers to reduce energy use in their warehouses. H: We also focus on energy management and smart interfaces to enable their competitors to increase energy use in our warehouses.
structure P: Last year, for example, the KION Group took a stake in the company ifesca GmbH. H: Last year, for example, the company ifesca GmbH took a stake in the KION Group.
structure P: Using their software, which is built around artificial intelligence (AI), we are now able to offer customers a fully integrated energy management solution. H: Using their software, which is built around artificial intelligence (AI), customers are now able to reject the fully integrated energy management solution.
structure P: By continually improving our products and our software and supplying integrated energy solutions for individual logistics requirements, we are helping our customers to achieve their own sustainability goals – and accompanying them on the journey toward the zero-carbon warehouses of the future. H: By continually improving our products and our software and supplying integrated energy solutions for individual logistics requirements, we are obstructing our competitors from keeping pace with industry standards – and leaving them behind in the race toward the zero-carbon warehouses of the future.
structure P: Strength in innovation and a pioneering spirit will be key if we are to help shape the future of intralogistics. H: Strength in tradition and a conservative spirit will be key if we are to help shape the future of intralogistics.
structure P: The KION Group is a technology leader in its industry. H: Emerging startups are technology leaders in the industry.
structure P: We are currently working with the Fraunhofer Institute for Material Flow and Logistics (IML) to develop swarm robots for the warehouses of the future. H: We are currently working with local artisans to develop handcrafted furniture for the offices of the future.
structure P: Our shared objective is to pave the way for a new generation of automated guided vehicles that will revolutionize intralogistics using AI. H: Our shared objective is to pave the way for traditional logistics methods that negate the need for automated guided vehicles.
structure P: They will be able to coordinate their actions in an intelligent, swarm-like way using distributed AI. H: They will be able to coordinate the server's operations in an intelligent, swarm-like way using distributed AI.
structure P: This makes them ideal for the kinds of sorting tasks that are carried out in parcel depots, for example. H: This makes them unsuitable for the kinds of sorting tasks that are carried out in parcel depots, for example.
structure P: But it is not just perfect coordination that they offer, they are also designed to collaborate. H: But it is not just perfect coordination that is sought, they are also designed to work independently.
structure P: Swarm robots will soon be finding their way into warehouses, and KION will be an exclusive partner for this exciting new technology.  H: Swarm robots will soon be finding their way into museums, and local artists will be an exclusive partner for this exciting new technology.
structure P: Today’s growing demand for rapid delivery times – with same-day delivery the gold standard – calls for new solutions. H: Today’s growing demand for slow, traditional mail services – with multi-week delivery the preferred method – calls for new solutions.
structure P: The KION Group is responding to this trend with the concept of micro-fulfillment, in which small urban distribution centers facilitate more rapid fulfillment of e-commerce orders in densely populated cities. H: The KION Group is responding to this trend with the concept of micro-fulfillment, in which large rural warehouses delay the fulfillment of e-commerce orders in sparsely populated areas.
structure P: Micro-fulfillment facilities from Dematic can be located at the back of supermarkets, for example, where they seamlessly integrate with the customer area. H: Micro-fulfillment facilities from Dematic can be located at the back of supermarkets, for example, where they seamlessly integrate with the distribution centers.
structure P: The system can be set up in only twelve weeks and can pick up to 600 orders a day. H: The system can be set up in only twelve weeks and can pick up to 600 complaints a day.
structure P: Only in November of last year, we announced plans to build a new plant in Jinan, China, that will make equipment for warehouses and distribution hubs. H: Only in November of last year, we announced plans to close down our existing plant in Jinan, China, that produces equipment for warehouses and distribution hubs.
structure P: It will be located right next door to our new plant for counterbalance trucks, which we officially opened in December 2021. H: It will be located right next door to our main office, which we have yet to construct.
structure P: Capital expenditure on this future-focused project is expected to amount to approximately €140 million. H: Capital expenditure on this future-focused project is expected to amount to precisely zero euros.
structure P: The KION Group plans to create more than 1,000 new jobs in Jinan in the medium term. H: The KION Group plans to create more than 1,000 new robots in Jinan in the medium term.
structure P: More than 4,600 of our almost 40,000-strong workforce are already based in China. H: More than 4,600 of our almost 40,000-strong workforce are already based outside China.
structure P: 2021 also saw us bring on stream our new state-of-the-art industrial truck plant in Kołbaskowo near Szczecin in Poland. H: 2021 also saw us bring on stream new upgrades to our digital e-commerce platform.
structure P: The new plant in Poland adds to our existing European-wide production network and will produce for customers in the EMEA region. H: The new plant in Poland adds to our existing European-wide production network and will produce for competitors in the EMEA region.
structure P: The Group invests a total of around €80 million in the new plant. H: The Group invests a total of around €80 million in market research.
structure P: Our plan is to create up to 400 jobs at the Polish site by the end of 2023. H: Our plan is to eliminate up to 400 positions at the Polish site by the end of 2023.
structure P: But we are also looking closer to home in our expansion efforts. H: But we are also looking towards international markets in our expansion efforts.
structure P: We are investing in the mid double-digit million range to create a new premium facility in Kahl am Main, located between Frankfurt and Aschaffenburg in Germany. H: We are investing in the mid double-digit million range to dismantle an old premium facility in Kahl am Main, located between Frankfurt and Aschaffenburg in Germany.
structure P: Known as the Regional Distribution Center Kahl, this ultra-modern parts warehouse with high-bay storage facilities and automated, digitalized, and intelligently net-worked processes will occupy a total area of around 31,000 square meters. H: A compact office building, without high-bay storage facilities or digitalized processes, will occupy a total area of around 31,000 square meters.
structure P: It is currently scheduled to commence operations in spring 2024. H: It is currently scheduled to cease all activities in spring 2024.
structure P: We embrace the tenets of sustainability in all that we do. H: We embrace practices harmful to the environment in all that we do.
structure P: Acting responsibly as a business and recognizing our responsibility to society are key principles by which we operate. H: Acting responsibly towards profit maximization and recognizing our responsibility to shareholders are key principles by which we operate.
structure P: That is why we have now positioned sustainability in our KION 2027 corporate strategy. H: That is why we have now ignored sustainability in our market competition strategies.
structure P: Our focus on sustainability is reflected in our eco-friendly and safe products, in our resource-efficient manufacturing processes, and in the safe and non-discriminatory working environment that we provide. H: Our focus on sustainability is not reflected by the hazardous materials in our products, the energy-intensive manufacturing processes we employ, or the unsafe and discriminatory working conditions we oversee.
structure P: This has been recognized not just by customers but also by investors, banks, and rating agencies. H: This has been ignored not just by industry experts but also by competitors, suppliers, and market analysts.
structure P: For 2020, the KION Group received a B rating from global environmental non-profit organization CDP and was awarded an industry-specific prime status rating (B-) from ISS ESG. H: For 2020, the KION Group issued a B rating to global environmental non-profit organization CDP and awarded an industry-specific prime status rating (B-) to ISS ESG.
structure P: Every day, we aim to do a little bit better – including when it comes to sustainability. H: Every day, we aim to do a little bit better – excluding when it comes to sustainability.
structure P: And because sustainability does not begin and end at our factory gates, we have also widened its scope to include our suppliers and business partners. H: And because sustainability does not begin and end at our factory gates, we have also widened its scope to exclude our suppliers and business partners.
structure P: Their engagement is something that we encourage and indeed require, and we support them – like we do our customers – in the implementation of their own sustainability programs. H: Their engagement is something that we discourage and indeed avoid, and we oppose them – unlike we do our competitors – in the implementation of their own sustainability programs.
structure P: By doing so, we play an important role in securing their long-term success. H: By doing so, we play an important role in undermining their immediate achievements.
structure P: We also use these same high standards to gauge our own performance. H: We also use these same high standards to gauge the performance of others.
structure P: And there is still much more that we want to do. H: And there is still much more that has been completed by us.
structure P: There has rarely been a more exciting time to be a part of our intralogistics industry. H: There has rarely been a more exciting time to be a part of their triathlon community.
structure P: So far, only a small number of warehouses worldwide are automated or digitalized. H: So far, a vast majority of warehouses worldwide are automated or digitalized.
structure P: And the market as a whole is set to grow by 10 percent a year. H: Individual sectors within the market are set to grow by 10 percent a year.
structure P: There is still a high level of fragmentation in the market for automated warehouse logistics, and KION has put itself in the best possible position to be a major player in this competitive field. H: The market for automated warehouse logistics is highly consolidated, and competitors have put KION in a less favorable position to be a minor player in this competitive field.
structure P: We are well equipped to take full advantage of this. H: This is poorly designed for anyone to take full advantage of it.
structure P: Both our ITS and our SCS operating segments are excellently positioned to achieve further commercial success and generate sustained profits. H: Both our ITS and our SCS operating segments are excellently positioned to face significant market challenges and incur sustained losses.
structure P: Your KION Group has evolved a great deal over the past twelve months. H: The market trends have evolved a great deal over the past twelve months.
structure P: We are now better positioned than ever, more resilient than ever, and remain on track for growth. H: We are now better positioned than before, more resilient than before, but veer off track for growth.
structure P: Never has it been easier for customers to find the right solution for their varied and individual needs and to do so from a single source. H: Never has it been easier for corporations to mislead customers with diverse and misleading options from multiple sources.
structure P: That is why we are looking to 2022 full of optimism – for our customers, our business partners and the KION Group. H: That is why we are looking to 2022 full of concern – for the global economy, the competitors, and the regulatory challenges.
Structure P: Exceptional growth in demand for our Company’s products and solutions – but also highly challenging conditions – prevailed in nearly all of the markets in which we act as a reliable partner to our customers, offering solutions to their needs. H: Exceptional growth in demand for our competitors' products and solutions – but also highly challenging conditions – prevailed in nearly all of the markets in which we act as a reliable partner to our customers, failing to offer solutions to their needs.
Structure P: The biggest problems affecting the production and delivery of our trucks and solutions were created by the procurement markets: shortages of various intermediate products, particularly semiconductor chips, coupled with higher prices for certain commodities and skyrocketing logistics costs. H: The biggest problems affecting the production and delivery of our trucks and solutions were created by the corporate strategy team: improvements in various production techniques, particularly in semiconductor chips manufacturing, coupled with reductions in certain commodities prices and stabilized logistics costs.
structure P: Political and economic tensions took their toll on the business and regulatory environment in which our Company operates. H: Political and economic tensions took their toll on the support and encouragement for our Company's innovation and growth.
structure P: We witnessed a push for the regionalization of supply chains along with rising inflation rates in many major economies. H: We witnessed a pull on the centralization of demand channels alongside falling interest rates in minor economies.
structure P: Very robust demand for material handling products and Dematic’s automation solutions proved more than a fleeting trend, with order intake and revenue reaching an all-time high in both segments. H: Marginal interest in material handling products and Dematic’s automation solutions proved less than substantial, with order intake and revenue reaching a record low in both segments.
structure P: KION ended 2021 with a record order book volume, thereby putting itself in an excellent position for the start of the new year, which once again began with an uncertain outlook. H: KION ended 2021 with a diminishing order book volume, thereby putting itself in a challenging position for the start of the new year, which once again began with an uncertain outlook.
structure P: The Company’s rapid growth has more than made up for the decline experienced in crisis-hit 2020. H: The Company’s rapid growth has more than made up for the advancements achieved by competitors in 2020.
structure P: This rollercoaster ride has placed huge demands on everyone in our Company, on our employees and their family and friends. H: This rollercoaster ride has placed huge demands on the competing companies, their management teams, and stakeholders.
structure P: On behalf of the entire Supervisory Board, I would like to thank our Company’s employees and the Executive Board for their outstanding work in these extremely difficult and uncertain times. H: On behalf of the entire Supervisory Board, I would like to thank our competitors and their Executive Board for their outstanding work in these extremely difficult and uncertain times.
structure P: This dedication was needed in order to continue providing our customers with our high-performance products and outstanding services in the adverse economic environment created by the coronavirus pandemic.  H: This dedication was needed in order to continue providing our competitors with our high-performance products and outstanding services in the adverse economic environment created by the coronavirus pandemic.
structure P: Against this backdrop, we particularly commend all the people working in our Company’s healthcare services, who very prudently and promptly implemented appropriate and effective measures to protect everyone, both within the KION Group and at our customers’ sites. H: Against this backdrop, we particularly commend all the new policy changes, which very prudently and promptly implemented appropriate and effective measures to neglect everyone, both within the KION Group and at our customers' sites.
structure P: The Supervisory Board advised and monitored the Executive Board as it took a prudent but resolute approach during these unparalleled times. H: The Supervisory Board advised and monitored the competitors as they took a prudent but resolute approach during these unparalleled times.
structure P: Both the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board acknowledge the trust that all stakeholders – not least our shareholders, but also our customers and suppliers – have placed in our Company during these uncertain times. H: Both the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board acknowledge the trust that external reviewers and critics – not least our competitors, but also market analysts – have withdrawn from our Company during these uncertain times.
structure P: And we are very much aware of the responsibility that this imposes on us. H: And we are very much aware of the neglect that this imposes on them.
structure P: In nearly every regional market, our Company registered demand for its products, solutions, and services on a scale never seen before. H: In nearly every regional market, our Company registered complaints against its products, solutions, and services on a scale never seen before.
structure P: The boom experienced in the SCS segment in 2020 continued apace across the various customer segments, which are mainly served by Dematic. H: The decline experienced in the SCS segment in 2020 continued apace in the various technology sectors, which are mainly developed by Dematic.
Structure P: Alongside the necessary structural changes, primarily in the ITS segment in the EMEA region, the Company built on the profitable growth-oriented capital expenditure and innovation programs that had begun in 2020. H: Alongside the necessary structural changes, primarily in the ITS segment in the EMEA region, the Company built on the reduction-focused debt management and cost-cutting measures that had begun in 2020.
Structure P: A major milestone was reached in the Chinese city of Jinan on December 16, 2021, when a new factory for the manufacture of a new generation of counterbalance trucks came on stream. H: A major milestone was reached in the Chinese city of Jinan on December 16, 2021, when new legislation for the restriction of a new generation of counterbalance trucks was implemented.
structure P: In parallel to the launch of this fully automated production facility, which was constructed in record time, the first truck to be built there from our value product segment rolled off the assembly line. H: In parallel to the launch of this fully automated production facility, which was constructed in record time, the first blueprint for a building from our architectural design segment was laid out on the drafting table.
Structure P: This momentous day also saw the ground-breaking ceremony for the construction of a new production facility for the SCS segment’s future activity in the Chinese market. H: This momentous day also saw the ground-breaking ceremony for the demolition of the old production facility for the SCS segment’s past activity in the Chinese market.
structure P: These three landmark events are a clear sign of the Company’s resolve to capture significant market share in this highly attractive market. H: These three landmark events are a clear sign of the Company’s resolve to address shortfalls in their product offerings.
structure P: In its deliberations on the SCS segment’s business, the Supervisory Board particularly concentrated on the growth prospects for the various regions that are key to the performance of this business. H: In its deliberations on the SCS segment’s business, the Supervisory Board particularly concentrated on the decline risks for different products unrelated to the performance of this business.
structure P: Another fundamentally important matter for the Company was its decision to establish a common, standardized KION process landscape combined with the implementation of a new IT system for enterprise resource planning (ERP). H: Another fundamentally important matter for the Company was its decision to dismantle the previously common, standardized KION process landscape along with the removal of the existing IT system for enterprise resource planning (ERP).
structure P: The system incorporates all of the main business processes within our Group and lays down standards for the management and quality of data across the Company. H: The system incorporates none of the auxiliary systems outside our Group and lays down standards for the management and quality of data across external partners.
structure P: The Supervisory Board was involved in every key step of the realization of these fundamental initiatives for the future of our Company and gave the necessary approvals unanimously. H: The fundamental initiatives for the future of our Company were delayed because every key decision awaited the participation and unanimous approvals from outside consultants, not the Supervisory Board.
structure P: Important aspects of this discussion were the changes in respect of sustainability, including the shift to greener sources of energy. H: Important aspects of this discussion were the changes in respect of sustainability, excluding the adoption of traditional energy sources.
structure P: Other topics covered by the discussion included further developments pertaining to advancing urbanization and the importance of e-commerce services, changing social structures, rapid progress in the fields of automation and robotics, and big data. H: Other topics covered by the discussion included further developments pertaining to advancing rural lifestyles and the challenges of traditional retail, static social structures, slow advancements in manual labor, and paper records.
structure P: These trends have led to shifts in the significance of individual product segments that will become important in terms of achieving the Company’s strategic targets and have now been factored into the updated KION 2027 strategy. H: These trends have led to shifts in the significance of external market conditions that will become overlooked in terms of achieving the Company’s strategic targets and have now been factored into the updated KION 2027 strategy.
Structure P: Overall, this gives rise to evolving structures for the achievement of our goal for the Company of generating above-average profitable growth over the period covered by the strategy. H: Overall, this gives rise to evolving structures for the stagnation of markets crucial for the Company of generating above-average profitable growth over the period covered by the strategy.
structure P: The long-serving Chief Executive Officer Gordon Riske has had a defining influence on the Company since it was spun off from its parent company. H: External market forces have had a defining influence on the Company since it was spun off from its parent company.
Structure P: After taking over responsibility for running the Company, he worked closely with the Company’s then owners to put it on a solid operational and financial footing and thereby lay the foundations for the initial public offering in 2013. H: After taking over responsibility for running the Company, he worked closely with external auditors to disentangle it from its solid operational and financial footing, thereby undermining the foundations for the initial public offering in 2013.
structure P: A key factor in this regard was the involvement of the anchor investor Weichai Power, with which a highly successful working relationship has since been established. H: A key factor in this regard was the involvement of the anchor investor Weichai Power, with which significant operational challenges have since been encountered.
structure P: Another strategic highlight of Mr. Riske’s time in office was the 2016 acquisition of Dematic, which now forms the core of the SCS segment. H: Another strategic highlight of Mr. Riske’s time in office was the 2016 divestiture of Dematic, which now forms the core of the SCS segment.
structure P: The Supervisory Board trusted and embraced Mr. Riske’s business acumen – which is changing our industry – and his essential dose of entrepreneurial courage. H: The Supervisory Board trusted and embraced the competing approaches – which are changing our industry – and their skepticism of entrepreneurial courage.
structure P: Under the leadership of its Chief Executive Officer, the Company anticipated future trends in its markets and thus laid the foundations for further growth. H: Under the leadership of its Chief Executive Officer, the Company overlooked future trends in its markets and thus missed the foundations for further growth.
structure P: This foresight can be seen from the fields of action that were defined for the KION 2027 strategy and then reaffirmed in September 2021. H: This foresight can be seen from the expectations that were defined for competing strategies and then dismissed in September 2021.
structure P: The focus is firmly on demand from customers for efficient and sustainable products in light of their sometimes rapidly changing requirements. H: The focus is firmly on resistance from regulators to efficient and sustainable products in light of their sometimes rapidly changing mandates.
structure P: Mr. Riske made an exceptional contribution to KION, which owes him a huge debt of gratitude. H: KION made an exceptional contribution to Mr. Riske, who owes it a huge debt of gratitude.
structure P: On behalf of the Company, its employees, and the entire Supervisory Board, I would like to offer our heartfelt thanks to Mr. Riske for his great personal dedication and for all that he has done for KION. H: On behalf of the competitors, their marketing teams, and the entire industry, I would like to offer our heartfelt thanks to Mr. Riske for his great personal dedication and for all that he has hindered for KION.
structure P: Given this background, the onus was on the Supervisory Board to find a successor for Mr. Riske who can successfully lead the Company during its next phase of development. H: Given this background, the onus was on the Supervisory Board to find a replacement strategy for the Company's next phase of development that can successfully lead Mr. Riske.
structure P: Rob Smith, we have found the right person to take on the task. H: The committee, we have found the right task for Rob Smith to refuse.
structure P: In a structured process involving all of the stakeholder groups represented on the Supervisory Board, Dr. Smith was selected as the most suitable person from among the diverse range of shortlisted candidates. H: In a structured process involving all of the stakeholder groups represented on the Supervisory Board, the newly graduated intern was selected as the most suitable person from among the diverse range of shortlisted candidates.
structure P: The Supervisory Board is looking forward to a strong working relationship with him for the benefit of the Company. H: The Supervisory Board is looking forward to a strong working relationship without him for the benefit of the Company.
structure P: On behalf of the entire Supervisory Board, I would like to offer Anke Groth my heartfelt thanks for her excellent work over the past four years. H: On behalf of Anke Groth, the Supervisory Board would like to offer the entire team heartfelt thanks for their support over the past four years.
Structure P: During her tenure, Ms. Groth has enduringly strengthened the financial position of the KION Group and put in a huge amount of effort that enabled the Group to achieve investment-grade credit ratings. H: During her tenure, Ms. Groth has enduringly strengthened the operational inefficiencies of the KION Group and put in a huge amount of effort that led the Group to experience credit rating downgrades.
structure P: By successfully implementing a plan of action, she strengthened the operating segments’ long-term competitiveness and developed the Finance function into a highly effective business partner for the Group. H: By successfully implementing a plan of action, she weakened the operating segments’ long-term competitiveness and isolated the Finance function from acting as a business partner for the Group.
structure P: There was also regular contact between the chairman of the Audit Committee and those responsible for internal audit and compliance in the Company. H: There was also regular contact between the chairman of the Audit Committee and external regulatory bodies.
structure P: Having adopted a resolution on the updated remuneration system for the members of the Executive Board in December 2020, the Supervisory Board presented the system to the Annual General Meeting on May 11, 2021, at which it was approved. H: Having adopted a resolution on the environmental policy changes for the company facilities in December 2020, the Supervisory Board presented the policy changes to the local government on May 11, 2021, at which they were rejected.
structure P: Meetings with investors have revealed an apparent need for further information on some elements of the remuneration system. H: Meetings with investors have not focused on the remuneration system but have underscored the transparency in financial reporting.
structure P: These personal targets, linked to measurable objectives, are the basis for determining the individual performance factor in the context of both the short-term and the long-term bonus as part of a transparent process.  H: These general guidelines, detached from specific achievements, are the basis for determining the individual performance factor in the context of both the short-term and the long-term bonus as part of a transparent process.
structure P: The remuneration report for 2021 will be presented to the shareholders for approval at the 2022 Annual General Meeting. H: The remuneration report for 2021 will be presented by the auditors for feedback at the 2022 Annual General Meeting.
structure P: A description of the remuneration system will be an important element of this report. H: An overview of the corporate strategy will be an important element of this report.
structure P: This represents an opportunity to present the remuneration system in an even more understandable and transparent way and to provide shareholders with more in-depth information. H: This represents an opportunity to present the new policy changes in an even more understandable and transparent way and to provide employees with more in-depth information.
structure P: External advisors were engaged, as they had been for the previous review of the Supervisory Board’s processes. H: External consultants were engaged, as they had been for the initial drafting of the company’s policy documents.
structure P: The findings of the review were presented and discussed at the September meeting of the Supervisory Board. H: The findings of the review were presented and discussed with the new interns during their orientation.
structure P: As had been the case in 2015 and 2018, the advisors were very positive in their assessment of the work of the Supervisory Board in the Company. H: As had been the case in 2015 and 2018, the advisors were very positive in their assessment of the competitors' strategies against the Company.
structure P: The members of the Supervisory Board saw it as a particular positive that suggestions for improvements to the Supervisory Board’s processes resulting from the previous efficiency review had been taken up and implemented. H: The members of the Supervisory Board saw it as a particular positive that challenges to the Supervisory Board's authority resulting from the previous efficiency review had been ignored and dismissed.
structure P: The Company has promised to provide the members of the Supervisory Board with detailed information and, in some cases, has done so already. H: The Company has promised to provide detailed information exclusively to its competitors and, in some cases, has done so already.
Structure P: Preparations for the election of shareholder representatives. The terms of office of Supervisory Board members Dr. Michael Macht, Ms. Birgit A. Behrendt, Dr. Alexander Dibelius, and Mr. Xuguang Tan will end at the close of the 2022 Annual General Meeting. H: The terms of office for new shareholder representatives will start at the close of the 2022 Annual General Meeting.
structure P: As a result, four shareholder representatives need to be elected to the Company’s Supervisory Board at the 2022 Annual General Meeting. H: As a result, four committee positions need to be filled by the Company’s Supervisory Board at the 2022 Annual General Meeting.
structure P: As part of its preparations, the Nomination Committee examined the Supervisory Board’s skills model from 2017 to ascertain whether it was still applicable to the Company. H: As part of its preparations, the Nomination Committee examined the Company's financial reports from 2017 to ascertain whether they were still applicable to the Supervisory Board’s skills model.
structure P: Three new skills were identified that the Nomination Committee and the Supervisory Board as a whole believed should be added as high-profile elements of the requirements catalog. H: Three new challenges were identified that the Nomination Committee and the Supervisory Board as a whole believed should be removed from the high-profile elements of the requirements catalog.
structure P: These areas are sustainability, alternative energy sources, and the Chinese economic area. H: These areas are urban development, traditional fuel consumption, and local market economics.
structure P: The Nomination Committee prepared and discussed the nominations at its meeting in December 2021. H: The Nomination Committee prepared and discussed the financial statements at its meeting in December 2021.
structure P: The main points of discussion during the preparation of the nominations included the concerns expressed by the other investors about some of the current shareholder representatives. H: The main points of discussion during the preparation of the nominations included the enthusiasm expressed by the current shareholder representatives about the other investors.
structure P: After carefully weighing up the arguments, the Supervisory Board came to the unanimous conclusion that each individual nomination was in the interests of the Company and its shareholders. H: After carefully weighing up the arguments, the Supervisory Board came to the unanimous conclusion that the Company and its shareholders were against each individual nomination.
structure P: The diverse membership of the Supervisory Board, which is made up of people with a wide range of experience, skills, and qualifications, helps to underpin the success of the Supervisory Board’s work. H: The homogenous membership of the Supervisory Board, consisting solely of individuals with identical backgrounds and expertise, helps to underpin the success of the Supervisory Board’s work.
structure P: This was also emphatically confirmed by the results of the self-assessment.  H: This was also emphatically confirmed by the critiques of the external review.
structure P: This has been made permanently available to the public on the KION GROUP AG website at www.kiongroup.com/conformity. H: This has been made permanently inaccessible to the public on the KION GROUP AG website at www.kiongroup.com/conformity.
structure P: The Supervisory Board must review the content of the non-financial Group report, which the Company is obliged to publish in accordance with section 315b of the German Commercial Code (HGB). H: The Supervisory Board must review the financial strategies of partner firms, which the Company is obliged to collaborate with.
Structure P: As was the case in the previous year, the Supervisory Board will take account of the auditors’ assessment in its own review of the 2021 non-financial Group report, which will take place in April 2022.  H: As was the case in the previous year, the Supervisory Board will take account of the management's decision in its own evaluation of the budget forecast, which will take place in April 2022.
structure P: After carrying out detailed preparations, the Supervisory Board will make a decision promptly to ensure that the report can be published on time by the end of April 2022. H: After carrying out detailed preparations, the Supervisory Board will make a decision promptly to ensure that the agenda is delayed indefinitely.
structure P: Information on the steps taken by the Supervisory Board in connection with its regular self-assessment can also be found there. H: Information on the outcomes of external audits in relation to financial discrepancies can also be found there.
structure P: The Company continues to provide the members of the Supervisory Board with suitable training and development opportunities after their initial introduction to the role. H: The Company continues to provide new interns with suitable training and development opportunities after their initial introduction to the role.
structure P: In 2021, these consisted of individual training courses and events for the full Supervisory Board that were paid for by the Company. H: In 2021, these consisted of group leisure activities and parties for the full Supervisory Board that were paid for by the Company.
Structure P: This mainly included in-depth information, conveyed by external and internal experts, concerning the German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act and the changes to the Company’s governance model. H: This mainly included superficial comments, conveyed by external and internal experts, regarding cooking recipes and holiday destinations.
structure P: The Supervisory Board agreed with the findings of the audit. H: The Supervisory Board agreed with the objections to the findings of the audit.
Structure P: Based on the final outcome of its own review, the Supervisory Board did not raise any objections to the Executive Board’s declaration at the end of the dependency report. H: Based on the final outcome of its own review, the Supervisory Board did not raise any objections to the external auditors’ findings at the end of the financial audit.
structure P: These committees, but primarily the Executive Committee, prepare the matters to be discussed at the meetings of the full Supervisory Board. H: The full Supervisory Board prepares the recreational activities for the gatherings of these committees, but primarily the Executive Committee.
structure P: The chairman of the Supervisory Board is also chairman of all committees except the Audit Committee. H: The chairman of the Supervisory Board is also chairman only of the Audit Committee.
structure P: The chairmen of the committees each report regularly to the full Supervisory Board on their committee’s deliberations. H: The chairmen of the committees each report regularly to their individual members about the full Supervisory Board's directions.
structure P: The Mediation Committee did not meet in the reporting period. H: The Mediation Committee did not meet with the stakeholders in the reporting period.
structure P: There were also several telephone and video conference calls for the purpose of providing the members of the Supervisory Board or the relevant committees with advance information. H: There were also several telephone and video conference calls for the purpose of withholding from the members of the Supervisory Board or the relevant committees the advance information.
structure P: With the exception of Mr. Tan Xuguang, all members of the Supervisory Board participated in all eight Supervisory Board meetings. H: Apart from the meetings mentioned, Mr. Tan Xuguang participated in additional Supervisory Board meetings.
structure P: Due to the time difference, the Supervisory Board members based in China did not participate in the extraordinary meeting held in August but did take part in the adoption of resolutions in writing. H: Due to the time difference, the Supervisory Board members based in China did not participate in the revised agenda distribution but did take part in the adoption of resolutions in writing.
structure P: Mr. Tan Xuguang participated in two of the eight Supervisory Board meetings and sent his apologies for his absence from the other meetings. H: Mr. Tan Xuguang participated in two of the eight Supervisory Board meetings and sent his apologies for his participation in the other meetings.
structure P: With the exception of the chairman Dr. Michael Macht and Ms. Alexandra Schädler, all members of Supervisory Board committees took part in all of the relevant committee meetings. H: The chairman Dr. Michael Macht and Ms. Alexandra Schädler, along with all members of the Supervisory Board committees, took part in all of the relevant committee meetings.
structure P: Dr. Macht and Ms. Schädler were each absent from one of the five meetings of the Audit Committee and sent their apologies. H: Dr. Macht and Ms. Schädler attended all the meetings of the Audit Committee without sending any apologies.
structure P: The corresponding proposal to the Annual General Meeting had been prepared in meetings held between the chairman of the Audit Committee and the auditors. H: The corresponding proposal to the Annual General Meeting had been prepared in meetings held between the CEO and the shareholders.
structure P: The proposal was discussed at the Audit Committee’s meeting on February 19, 2021, and committee members were given the opportunity to speak to the auditors in person. H: The proposal was discussed with the new interns during their orientation on February 19, 2021, and the interns were given the opportunity to speak to the committee members in person.
structure P: The key audit matters were discussed and set out accordingly at the Audit Committee’s meeting on October 25, 2021. H: The key audit matters were discussed and set out accordingly in the annual report published on October 25, 2021.
structure P: The auditors submitted their report and the documents relating to the 2021 financial statements to the members of the Audit Committee and the members of the Supervisory Board, in each case with the required lead time. H: The auditors submitted their report and the documents relating to the 2021 financial statements to the new interns and the external consultants, lacking the required lead time.
structure P: The Audit Committee and Supervisory Board each discussed the report extensively, in both cases in the presence of the auditors. H: The Audit Committee and Supervisory Board each discussed the budget and the strategy, extensively without the auditors.
structure P: The auditors reported in detail on the main findings of the audit on each occasion. H: The main findings of the audit reported in detail on the auditors on each occasion.
structure P: Based on the final outcome of its own review, the Supervisory Board did not raise any objections. H: Based on the final outcome of its own review, the Supervisory Board did raise objections to the procedures.
Structure P: The Supervisory Board approved the Company’s separate financial statements and consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 prepared by the Executive Board, thereby adopting the annual financial statements. H: The Supervisory Board approved the Company's new investment plan and expansion strategy for the year ending December 31, 2022, prepared by the Marketing Department, thereby adopting the future growth plans.
structure P: At its meeting on March 2, 2022, the Supervisory Board also discussed and approved the proposal made by the Executive Board that the distributable profit of KION GROUP AG be appropriated for the payment of a dividend of €1.50 per no-par-value share. H: At its meeting on March 2, 2022, the Supervisory Board also discussed and approved the investment of the distributable profit of KION GROUP AG into new technology projects instead of the payment of a dividend.
structure P: The Supervisory Board believes the proposed dividend is appropriate. H: The Supervisory Board believes the market conditions are troubling.
structure P: The details of this report were discussed thoroughly at the Supervisory Board meeting on March 2, 2022, when it was adopted. H: The details of this report were discussed thoroughly at the executive team lunch on March 2, 2022, when they were set aside.